 
 = Battle of the <unk> River = 
 
 The Battle of the <unk> River took place during the Second World War and involved Australian , New Zealand and Japanese forces . Part of the wider <unk> Campaign of the Pacific theatre , the battle was fought in the southern sector of <unk> Island . Coming after the Battle of <unk> 's Knoll in which a strong Japanese counterattack was defeated , the battle occurred in two distinct periods between 17 April and 22 May 1945 , as elements of the Australian 15th Brigade advanced south along the <unk> Road . While in a valley of scrubland to the west of Fawa Waina, the <unk> Brigade faced entrenched Japanese troops near Caulfield and Wairunga. Japanese positions on the high ground around Wairunga were anticipated as positions that would allow the Japanese to keep the 1st and 4th Battalions deployed along the outskirts of the village. Much of the 3rd Battalion's troops in the vicinity were on combat duty at the time, but the Battalion Commander, Brigadier General Ted Burton, committed his forces to the fray and the Australians deployed along the steep coastal slope to the west of Caulfield. Though the elements of the 1st and 4th Battalions had reached the lowest parts of Caulfield, the 35mm mortars of the 1st Battalion had been unable to penetrate any thick enemy defences, and troops were looking for some way of getting the ordnance to the area from the coast. Looking north, troops had to approach from a northerly direction on scrubland to the north of Caulfield, as it was on this spot where the first mortar shells fell on Caulfield during the Battle of Wairunga, and was likely to be the area from which enemy troops would fire their rockets. General Burton's plan involved what was then still the simplest form of bombardment : a broadhead barrage. On 11 April the Highlanders deployed along a low-hanging hill to the south of Caulfield. Unlike the 1st and 4th Battalions, the Highlanders held their positions in a shallow water natural trench with a wooded eminence east of the hill. This allowed them to cover a big area to the west and north of Caulfield. A Japanese battery remained along the beach, and it was likely that the high-elevation positions of the Japanese would see them vulnerable to the air strikes on Fawa Waina. This meant the Highlanders were given some coverage. En route to the battle, high-clearance support was provided by just a few medium-sized guns, a raft of artillery, and a handful of infantry fighting vehicles. It was this unit support that contributed to the effective start of the battle. The 12th Battalion (non-commissioned officers) deployed from Tauranga to take the hill, but from 11 to 13 April heavy shelling was sustained by Australian troops. In all, several thousand soldiers were in active action. It was the point of the day, however, and these men did not want to allow a simple explanation. They wanted to know what had happened. Rear-Admiral Burgess was beginning his exit preparations when they were attacked by 25mm Japanese mortar fire. "We realised, obviously, that we had been preparing the ground for this all day" Brigadier Terry Miller explained. "We couldn't believe what we were seeing." 23 of the 26 soldiers on the hill at the time died. On 17 April, as the rain fell, the soldiers took shelter in another armourer's hut behind a timbered lot between three water-logged corrugated tin telegraph poles. And once more, Australian troops were faced with the horrors of battle. Like the first battle of the 1st Battalion, the Battle of the <unk> River was fought over 1-2,000ft of open scrubland south of Caulfield. While the Australian troops were protected by a kerosene-lit firebox, Japanese troops behind the dugout dug in below them, and it was a trench system with only a few skirting tree trunks. LtColCol Philip H Hamilton was killed and 26 others injured in this firefight. Eight Japanese soldiers were wounded, and a total of 27 Australians were killed.