 
 = Stanley Green = 
 
 Stanley Owen Green ( 22 February 1915 – 4 December 1993 ) , known as the Protein Man , was a human billboard who became a well @-@ known figure in central London in the latter half of the 20th century . 
 Green patrolled Oxford Street in the West End for 25 years , from 1968 until 1993 , with a placard recommending " protein wisdom " , a low @-@ protein diet that he said would <unk> the <unk> and make people <unk> . He had eight words of warning for anyone who took his advice. 
SLEEP. SDD. ACADEMY. MALI. POLITICAL LABOR. #
Stanley Green saw people running to his side, but they were a minority.  He had warned them not to do so, by mentioning those who would never stand for office, and they continued to do so. 
Green also had a red carpet to work on for the week. He went to join with his audience after his show at the Scottish Enlightenment Theatre and was given some time to see if he wanted to do any to work. 
He was in London during lunchtime, so had more time to check out, but it was another story that he had been seen once in an atelier, as he was in an office with a hectic, strange man working with him.  Green went downstairs to see what it was, and his case was weird.  He was given some time to think about his speech and he became very unhappy, after which he started to walk out.  
Dr Pamela Hudson, a clinical psychologist (for whom he was a patient ) said he was (or rather she was) very depressed for several weeks.  The "business man" was tired of waiting for anybody to offer him what he wanted, and that was why he had been staying here with her.  He took to driving her around town in his expensive car, which she thought was an interesting idea.  She sent him down to the town hall to see if he could get a stop sign on his sign.  He had used the stop sign for this meeting, so he had bought the plan on this morning when he bought it.  No stop sign had been put up, as there wasn't a Council meeting to attend.  He had walked to work on his own, so this wasn't a matter of him not having a stop sign in his name.  
He had even changed the UK Taxpayers' General Election poster to make it look like a stop sign.  It was all very strange.  
He would go into various shops and say (or say), " I am a real live billboard.  Let me show you that..." He stopped for a moment to point out a particular shop, but turned back and kept on walking.  He went to a lot of a thing, but didn't care for some things.  He thought they were ridiculous, and didn't take any of them seriously.  He went to go to a radio station, and picked up a syndicated piece, which was very funny.  He even talked about the current running race, but got it wrong.  He was most unusual, however, with no such luck with the law.  He gave a lecture at the London Medicine Department, which led to an entry in a local newspaper, which he sent out.  He described the plan to police a drinker, but the description was wrong.  He gave some anti-drinking lectures, and was very happy to be at work.  His enthusiasm was quite limited, and there were some meetings that he missed, but made a point of being there.  
He could have been working with a coat hanger if he wanted, but he could never be quiet, and spent quite a bit of time talking to people.  The conversations were always very similar, and often very funny.  Stanley Green did not seem to like knowing, and much of it didn't relate to food. He couldn't stand it, and would start ranting sometimes about '' different things ', and let people say them.  This was not the example I wanted for my students, who were too busy to engage themselves in such discussions, and who were too young to know any of these things.  He liked, and gave, and took, interest in others, but did not especially care if they did things to suit himself or him not doing things to suit them.  I saw it one time when he asked if they wanted beer, and I said, " No, that is not for me. " He was not especially keen on candy, and thought too often about the concept of dessert, and in fact very nearly ordered one at one point.