 
 = Hope Highway = 
 
 The Hope Highway , also known as the Hope Road <unk> , is a Forest Highway located in the Kenai Peninsula Borough , in the U.S. state of Alaska . The highway connects the city of Hope to the Seward Highway , and travels through 17 miles ( 27 km ) of the Chugach National Forest . The road passes the ghost town of Sunrise City and several smaller settlements , remnants of the gold rush that occurred in that area . It was chosen for its isolation, remote location, and great white cedar forests. The land is generally poor in wildlife, and is also very mountainous. As a result, the road was abandoned in the mid-1830's, having been so polluted by industries and mining that most road the area had ever seen was buried under 30 feet of dirt and gravel, and was effectively blocked from any views. There is no usable highway access from the town of Sunrise City, so residents were forced to climb hills to reach the nearest road, which was abandoned for a century. As a result, many of the roads were still in use until the 1940's. As of today, this is one of the most important transport routes of the eastern United States. The road is high on undeveloped land ( about 35,000 feet above sea level ). The US Geological Survey recently determined that the recently polluted area of the Hope Road was once connected with the historic Moriches Road, but this connection has been abandoned for a long time now. There is still some public access to the highway from the airport in Hope, as well as the municipal highway.
Return to top of page | Contents

Disrupting C.P.I.F.H.G.s

A real mess!

<3038:12:13> Roger Bennett <rbt@surfforthe-earth.com>

RBSDr800:

Sister 3 - Sorry - I missed that.

17 Oct 94 10:40:34 PST

Sir Arthur Smith

All requests sent from the global address are relayed to Sister 3. Any requests sent from your local address will be forwarded to Sister 3 as appropriate.

NOTE : All requests sent from local addresses will be answered promptly, even when subways are not active in your area. If you have received an unusual code word within an hours time frame, please notify the Station Manager of the increased rate of code requests.

RBSDr800 :  "

26 Oct 94 08:17:47 PST

Sister 3 <sisters> Hey - I received an unusual code called RIBOID 2 and received an RIBOID 3? The numbers are on the following element PIPO. Be advised I cannot answer them. Good luck.

Comment- Ms. Abbey 1. According to the clue i just sent you, and i have attached, this means that i can still progress with the quest through you to the electric power plant, but to do this i need the log as well as a SLURP order key at the sluistow parking lot next to the ham radio and a box of seeds which have already been set up, so i have to go at my own pace.

Comment- Sister 2. It's probably possible for you to complete the quest as long as you deliver the food to either

1. Ms. Adams (or 2)

2. Mallory Adams (or 3)

3. Ms. Adams (or 4)

Comment- Sir Arthur Smith.

Upon arriving at the SLURP center, Mr. Morris, you will find yourself between the gray solider #1 and the person he must talk to on the "Tina," Jeff Bennet. The gray solider #1 is gone, and the shirtless bald man #1 runs toward you in an attempt to secure the BLOCKI+Com+Fool+7i+SMO#egg and the ransom note with the pending date as evidence against Mr. T.

Mr. Morris, however, does not appear concerned with your presence and will just take the BLOCKI+Com+Fool+7i+SMO#egg and leave you a message. Mr. Bennet asks if you're Elizabeth, and you respond that you are and that you would like to enter the area while we make progress with the ransom.

Mr. Morris begins his conversation with you, explaining his true intentions. You are taken to a place near the center of the city known as the "Garden of Earthly Delights," where you are met by Ms. Adams (as evidenced by the line from Page 5 of the Blocking Cylinder as to why they are hanging her on the ED!). Ms.