 
 = Freakum Dress = 
 
 " Freakum Dress " is a song by American singer and songwriter Beyoncé from her second solo studio album B 'Day ( 2006 ) . It was written by Beyoncé , Rich Harrison , and Makeba Riddick . " Freakum Dress " is similar to songs that Destiny 's Child used to record in the 1990s . The song is complete with whistles , cymbal dominated scatter rhythms and a beat , which is augmented by hi @-@ hats and <unk> keyboard pulses . According to a songwriting website ( inimitablemusic ), Beyoncé has been inspired to write this song after watching the BBC documentary series "Meet the Bands." The singer is also a fan of Frank Sinatra's'"you know you want it" song, and would frequently sing the song to herself to help with her sleep. It has been reported by interviewees that the song was being worked on for a new single. The second verse describes the fans' reaction to the song, which prompts them to call Beyoncé "the bitch that just says her name, again and again." This corresponds with the following verse, which includes various lyrics that reference her being attacked, then banded, then left, then ahead, and finally left for dead. Additionally, when a listener clicks a certain part of the song, the copyright symbol will appear, leading to a message that reads:
"It has been reported that Beyoncé has been inspired to write a song after watching the BBC documentary series "Meet the Bands." The singer is also a fan of Frank Sinatra's 'You Know You Want It' song, and would frequently sing the song to herself to help with her sleep." The song has not been charted, and no hit singles have been released.
UPDATE -   2014/02/06. I've had a long time to reflect on how this article reached its conclusion. I would like to share with you all my thoughts on what happened with the article. I would like to announce that I've officially gone full-time for Highsnobiety, and started on the planning of an upcoming article series. Don't get me wrong, my original intention was to write an article, but not for another three months after this piece (it was only going to be a year). However, my brain didn't work like I thought it would. I was lacking in points, knowledge, and lots of great things. That's why I decided to take a break and realize that I wanted to try something completely different for the next article, rather than going back to the one that I had written. I am planning on adding more than one page to the article that I plan to make and break up into sections, so that I can have more and more articles. You'll also see that I'm planning on adding a lot more cool information to the article, and creating interactive sections for the readers. To round things off, I am going to continue building and building myself, and hopefully start sharing my accomplishments. I'd like to thank every person I've ever come in contact with at Highsnobiety, whether it was a link or a blog, or it was just a high-quality review that you've put up. Now, that all said, I'd like to bring you up to speed on all that I've learned since this article was written. I've been getting my work on the task list in anticipation of this piece, and as it currently stands, it looks like this will be my first ever high-quality project. I don't think you'll be disappointed. Thank you for all of your support, and if you haven't already, be sure to check out my new gear and get the hell out there! Cheers! - Jimmy
UPDATE -  2014/04/28.  Another rare treat, in the form of " Freakum Dress " just released! I'm so happy to be back on a regular schedule. What?! Wow. This is a HUGE project for me. I've always found the necessary and unique to write about my passion, but I never really felt like I was truly breaking new ground with anything I wrote. However, " Freakum Dress " is the actual beginning of a full blown project. It's the first installment in a series, that will, hopefully, be structured to continue through the next seven weeks. With my new "job" - I've been considering a few things that will really change what I do, and make my time at Highsnobiety much more meaningful. This means a good amount of free time for me, and that means a great deal of freedom to really do what I love doing. For this project, it means I'm going to devote many more hours to the art and writing process, which in turn will help ensure that I become the world's most prolific musician, writer, and editor.