 
 = Aerith Gainsborough = 
 
 Aerith Gainsborough ( Japanese : <unk> ・ <unk> , Hepburn : <unk> <unk> ) — <unk> Aeris Gainsborough in the English releases of Final Fantasy VII and Final Fantasy Tactics — is a player character in Square 's ( now Square Enix ) role @-@ playing video game Final Fantasy VII . She was designed by Tetsuya Nomura with influence from Yoshinori Kitase , <unk> <unk> and <unk> Amano .

.

(formerly) Aeris plays a large part in the Thunder Temple sequence of Final Fantasy VII. Aerith can also be seen in the intro sequences of the first three games.

.

Contents show]

Appearances Edit

Profile Edit

Aerith is the daughter of three mercenary men who take care of the streets of Midgar, near Midgar Station. Aerith is also fond of cockfighting and smoking. She appears to have a shy personality. She uses large wands when she fights, and for most of the game uses a long, katana-like sword in battle.

Aerith can also use magic by wands and by using the Lightning Rod during a spell, and sometimes for few spells. She can use the Magic Dextros when the Lightning Rod is unequipped, which can be useful when attacking certain enemies such as Gulliver-type Ayla, so she can cut the Dragon Offspiral quickly. In Shadowloo she wields the Bracer and Chainmail respectively.

Aerith can run and jump up high, but on very high floors can be considered very slow due to the gravity being directly offscreen when jumping. After the two sub-bosses, a room containing a Blue Chocobo can be accessed once Aerith has gotten the Badge of Favor, or after defeating Ultima Weapon and the Protect Ring, by travelling south of the Djose Highroad and then north of Gridania Castle.

During the game, her weapon becomes easier to obtain the longer she is in the party. Aerith uses magical abilities throughout the entire game, but she needs to be especially careful to use them correctly. Although her magic power regenerates rapidly after each battle, she should never be on the opposite side of her party in battle as the game is set up to give enemies one turn to attack before the Power will regenerate. If she attacks, her party will be turned into Jecht Soldiers while the enemy turns into enemies. Instead of stopping and healing herself in mid-battle, she can use Limit Breaks. After obtaining the Badge of Favor, she can use Limit Breaks without worrying about expending PP.

Aerith's gameplay evolves with the party, even during a cutscene. On certain levels, enemies will rush at Aerith, eventually attacking her. This will force her to attack the enemies, which can make it even easier. Most bosses will have only one turn before the Overdrive comes back on cooldown, so any action that is placed after they take a turn is a wasted attack. When fighting anyone, try to get them to attack one of the other characters, as this means that their Overdrive will be quickly reapplied. When playing with only one character, Aerith cannot attack directly, but is the only character that is allowed to attack during a cutscene.

It is possible to defeat monsters before they reach the player character, without even approaching them. When she uses Limit Breaks, she will use a special attack upon the opponent, after which they will drop an item. In the cutscenes in her overworld, if any characters get hit by an enemy with an Overdrive, Aerith will use a special attack upon herself, and the opponent will get a second chance.

Aerith's a good healer due to her high HP, and is the fastest in the party. She can also cast Cure on herself (she will heal once per turn), and usually can save the party another turn or two in combat, as healing does more to heal HP than restore MP.

In the Japanese release of the game, Aerith has a Rage Bonus under the status menu. The bonus turns down the battle rate. The Rage Bonus is almost always ignored, however, since it must be manually turned on in the battle menu.

Being an old family friend, Aerith becomes a loyal friend to Sephiroth, and trusts his exploits from Radiant Garden to a T. Although she does not know that Sephiroth is actually Zidane in disguise, she knows he might be from her town, and is in a panic because she does not know how to run for help, making her worried if Zidane will arrive safely.

After the Thieves' Guild plot line ends in Meteor, Aerith learns of Sephiroth's secret fate and makes arrangements to visit him.