 
 = Nina Simone = 
 
 Nina Simone ( / <unk> <unk> / ; born Eunice Kathleen Waymon ; February 21 , 1933 – April 21 , 2003 ) was an American singer , songwriter , pianist , <unk> , and civil rights activist who worked in a broad range of musical styles including classical , jazz , blues , folk , R & B , gospel , and pop . 
 Born in North Carolina , the sixth child of a preacher , Simone aspired to be a concert pianist .  She studied music at the University of Mississippi and began writing at the age of 17 with a novel, "Woman in Love."  Simone remained with Mississippi Baptist Theological Seminary in Montgomery, Alabama, where she earned a degree in singing.  After serving as a civilian in the U.S. Navy during World War II, Simone transferred to Fordham University in New York City, where she earned a master's degree in political science.  In 1969 she landed a job as a journalist for the National Negro Ledger, and founded The Collective of Negro Writers and Artists.  Simone later became the first woman to publish a book in English.
At Fordham, Simone worked on the editorial staff of The Negro Ledger and collaborated with other African American leaders, including the late Rosa Parks, to help initiate a campaign for black voting rights.  In 1971, Simone's book, "Song of My Youth," was published by Atlantic Monthly.  In 1973, Simone published her acclaimed autobiography, "Love and Shadows."
In 1977, Simone became one of the first artists to recognize the electoral and legislative efforts of activists like Martin Luther King Jr., and had her song, "All For Someone" recorded by Phyllis Bennis.  In the same year, Simone published her novel, "The Narrow Road to Freedom," in which the character Houdini is set on a quest to find his long-lost love, Sylvia.  Following its publication, Simone starred in several television musicals, including "The Fantasia of the Living Dead" (1985) with Agnes Moorehead, "Jackie Brown" (1986) with Elia Kazan, and "The Sound of Silence" (1987) with Nina Simone.  In addition, her title role in "Blackboard Jungle" (1989) was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress.
In 1987, Simone won the Best Actress Award from the Television Academy for her performance as Elia Kazan in "The Sound of Silence."  The following year, she made history by being the first artist to receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom for her work.  Simone was also the first black actress to receive the Lifetime Achievement Award from the NAACP, and in 1991, she was inducted into the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences.  Throughout her career, Simone championed such causes as Civil Rights, social justice, social justice, feminism, women's issues, and abortion rights.
In 1996, Simone starred in the blockbuster film "Boyhood," in which she played a young, sexually confused mother who is inspired by the African American musician Leonard Cohen's 1971 song "Hallelujah."  Her character later finds her husband, played by Matthew McConaughey, in a psychiatric hospital after suffering a mass shooting.
In March 2000, she won the Best Actress Award at the 64th Primetime Emmy Awards from the American Public Television Awards, but her career was severely damaged by bomb threats that ensued.  Simone was, however, unable to stop her heartbreak when she lost her eldest child to a heart condition that sidelined her in 2012, to the same year that she released her memoir, "Song of My Youth" and was honored with the Nobel Prize in Literature.
In 2012, Simone performed at the last-ever Pride Week, a celebration of lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) culture, for which she won the Presidential Medal of Freedom, from President Barack Obama.  Also that year, she served as a moderator for the 2012 White House Gay and Lesbian Victory Concert, and opened the Pride Festival in New York City's Columbus Circle in 2013.  In 2014, she recorded the lead vocal for a song titled "Independence Day."  She continues to perform.
In the tradition of Marcia Cross and and Broadway lead singer Marcia Cross, Nina Simone is the first black female performer to perform at the U.S. Postal Service's "E" Decorations, which are awarded to flag-decorated organizations for their outstanding achievements in volunteerism.