 
 = Simon de Montfort 's Parliament = 
 
 Simon de Montfort 's Parliament was an English parliament held from 20 January 1265 until mid @-@ March the same year , instigated by Simon de Montfort , a <unk> rebel leader . 
 Simon de Montfort had seized power in England following his victory over Henry III at the Battle of Lewes during the Second Barons ' War , but his grip on the country was under threat . 
By 2 February 1267, his critics and others felt that he was running a paranoid government, and a so-called 'anointing', in which he had bestowed himself with more power and granted the title of Prince of Wales. 
A month later, however, on 15 February, the Queen invested him with a second 'Latin gentium' or'spear-of-the-people' title, which presumably conferred some legal rights on Simon de Montfort. 
The Parliament in London met on 16 February, and, despite the threats made by Simon de Montfort and the public nature of the proceedings, it was supported by the king and only one voice was always heard : that of the people, who chose to 'excommunicate' the new king, Edward I. 
The little country town of Lewes. Then The Canterbury Tales was expanded from the first chapter by about one-third and the triumvirate was discussed in the first chapter to reprise the historiographical structure of the originals. The Lives of the English People in its entirety is a collaboration of the first and second volumes of the lives of the Welsh and English kings written in a child-rearing age by Anne Burbage and Mary Hobbie. In chapter 6 of this book, Burbage traces the biography of Henry III (his name is spelled Henry IV), taking her main focus to the life of his eldest son, Henry Percy. 
Burbage, who was born in Norfolk (now Norfolk, the borough of Castletroy, in Norfolk ) in 1601, was the daughter of Henry Percy, the elder of the two sons of Richard III, who is the other name for Henry III. She also shared the father's name, Norman, but was born in Warwick, Norfolk, where her great grandfather was from, and she claimed her biological relation with her great-grandfather as her great-grandfather. 
While Burbage traces the genealogy of Henry Percy, in that she invents a new time of the first generation of the Percy name, and she does, briefly, study the names of his sons (with the exception of Henry Percy, her great-grandfather ), it is important to note that her study of the Percy name extends to the area around Newcastle-upon-Tyne, to north Wales, to the area of Salisbury, to London, and to the Wessex and Yorkshire courts, and points to a genealogy of kings which leaves little doubt that she is quoting the Chronicle and other contemporary sources. 
My main source for the genealogy of these kings is the work of Anne Burbage (1602-1671), and it is mainly Burbage's study of these kings that I use for my family tree. As a result, the genealogy of Henry Percy has been established.
There is a debate concerning the monarchial validity of this genealogy, with some arguing that Burbage's identification of Henry Percy as Henry IV in her narrative, and other chroniclers (such as Bede, Sherward and Cicely) not identifying Percy's birth as Henry IV but as Henry IV, is erroneous.
My genealogy is based on the journal entries of Anne Burbage's son Edward (who was born 17 April, 1690, at Anglesey, and died 12 September, 1694), and also on the various contemporary records of Anne Burbage and of her family. These both reveal a general pattern of genealogy, with Anne Burbage leading the birth of kings to two daughters, the first of which, Anne Elinor, is identified as the daughter of Edward (who was born 23 April, 1689, at Caerphilly ). The second is attributed to Herriot, whose name is recorded as Katherine Erlanthorpe. The genealogy, therefore, belongs to a series of unconnected, non-ancestral lineages, suggesting that Anne Burbage was active during her own time and that she was a child of or related to the Percy family.
While the genealogy would suggest that Anne Burbage served as Henry's wife, a very recent writer (Richard Thomas, English in Wales, 1591-1625) claims that Anne Burbage is the wife of Henry II and is probably linked with the Percy family.