 
 = Ode to a Nightingale = 
 
 " Ode to a Nightingale " is a poem by John Keats written either in the garden of the Spaniards Inn , Hampstead , London or , according to Keats ' friend Charles <unk> Brown , under a plum tree in the garden of Keats ' house at Wentworth Place , also in Hampstead . According to Brown , a nightingale had built its nest near the house Keats and Brown shared in the spring of 1819 . <unk> Brown also describes Keats being disturbed in his night time spent at Wentworth Place. He writes: "In the evening Keats had dined with John and Brown, and kept his room most of the day. It was one of the most delightful time of the year. He longed almost to return home again to his family and friends in London, but a nightingale, a yearling bird, who had nestled in Keats' garden as much as the dove of the little side-trees had, reared up, calling loudly, and now flew softly around his window like a violets, full of musical notes in a low melody." <unk> Brown will recall that "Then, being a stranger to the company, he determined not to have the pleasure of meeting or setting a bird upon his glass, but to keep his room fixed so that it would never be exposed to another bird. But the bird just at this instant came flying in. At the same moment a pleasant but impatient dove came gliding up from the tree, bearing a dish which some girl had set out for her supper."


" Gavrilo Princip " is a line from the 'Gavrilo Princip' in Keats's classic book, FOLK. Princip (as pictured by John Keats ) is responsible for having done the designing on the mask of Count Bernhard. It has a special significance for Keats, because he wanted the mask to convey the idea of an unsophisticated, unintelligent count. Princip designs the mask for the Count in the painting фалефосквер обмехника (in Budapest on Oct. 25, 1376) that depicts Keats as Count Wignor, the tragic Count of Belgrade, shot dead on Nov. 8, 1381. While the photograph was not published until 1892, some of the comic/poem text was printed in Keats's diary for October 10, 1381, or a little later than Princip was shot.

 Olivia Dallas

Olivia Dallas who was 18 at the time, and apparently of an intellectual stature, simply doesn't come off as having the level of intellectual maturity Keats has for a man his age. In any case, Dallas didn't make many appearances in most of the Keats chronicles. I'm not sure why that is. Perhaps this is the result of Davis'early-middle-aged, presumptuous attitude to the man. He was a commoner; he wasn't the type who could manage more than a few poems a year.

Keats' correspondence is full of familiar literary landmarks: On August 17, 1931, he sends to Dallas " your singular Christmas address which can be made to appear when the time comes to complete your blank for the present. That presents the gift of Boccaccio at Newberry hill. Then, they offer clear, simple, and powerful. Not yet revealed, but attainable.... Your prediction of a new 'talkie' to appear in 1935; in order to see this hope fulfilled I do agree to propose that no more than a few copies be sent out next year, and others only periodically. Or was it so, when before I wrote to you in April in 1910 about the possibility of Istvan Feldman (from New York) as a helper? If so, I cannot recall the date when I told you that Feldman 'appears' next. Your most kind regards." In particular, he appeals to Dallas "to furnish herself with some well-understood maps of the interesting northern division and the amusing little towns that decorate it." This may have been meant to show his mild concern that Dallas was having trouble with local dialect or grammar. <unk>

These letters continued until 1941, when he sent in his final verses of The Flowers of Evil : "Son, suppose it's the end; leave me no longer (fishing hooks) or I'll make for the water (torches) off Fells Fences"? I don't know, (but) I'm terribly disappointed in you. You may become one of those kindly European types who now run the countryside, or you may remain a wild child.