 
 = The Secret of Monkey Island = 
 
 The Secret of Monkey Island is a 1990 point @-@ and @-@ click graphic adventure game developed and published by Lucasfilm Games . It takes place in a fantastic version of the Caribbean during the age of piracy . The player assumes the role of Guybrush Threepwood , a young man who dreams of becoming a pirate and explores fictional islands while solving puzzles . The platform game originated in Star Fox for the Nintendo Entertainment System. The game had a major influence on not only graphic adventure games, but also physics-based games like Super Mario Bros. The levels in the game are made up of real, logical areas of a well-designed island, but have hidden areas scattered around that don't lead to any of them.


The game features a rather balanced combat system that doesn't consist of using just weapons and/or magic, but instead relies on precise inputs and combos to defeat enemies. The combat is broken up into six categories of actions (including other combat actions) : running, attacking, using items to avoid damage, countering attacks, using items for damage, dodging and air dodging.


The main strength of The Secret of Monkey Island is the crafting system and the inventory system that was later copied by the later adventure games. The game allows for players to go through a full inventory of 8 weapons and 8 items to replace them with and upgrades the items to more powerful ones. The items have their own set of statistics, which affect game play. For example, the painting change allows you to change the appearance of your treasures. The pirates can also teach you new skills to help fight bosses.


The game is unique and unique in that you have to build up a variety of dices to make weapons and armors, and obtain different treasures to fix your weapons and armors. You are required to go through a ten year journey of shooting and exploring, which works more like a thrilling puzzle game as the combat is divided into strategic, procedural, intuitive and strategy-based parts.


The game was funded and developed by Carbon Games, while the production was managed by Polytron.