 
 = Gerard ( archbishop of York ) = 
 
 Gerard ( died 21 May 1108 ) was Archbishop of York between 1100 and 1108 and Lord Chancellor of England from <unk> until <unk> . A Norman , he was a member of the cathedral clergy at Rouen before becoming a royal clerk under King William I of England and subsequently his son King William II Rufus . Gerard was appointed Lord Chancellor by William I , and he continued in that office under Rufus , who rewarded him with the Bishopric of Hereford in 1096 . After his brother Robert died during the English Wars, he made himself Lord Mayor of London. He was a strict monarchist and his wife Mary was married to King John II of England (Edward IV) and their son.
Mary ( died 1177 ) was a nun from a northern monastery at Pomerania in modern-day Germany. She founded a monastery and convent in the church of St. John of God in Moscow. She was the daughter of Abbot Karl, who lived in Livonia. She was the mother of five children: John, who married Wallenstein ; Henry, who became Count Albert II of Anjou ; Elizabeth, who became Emperor Constantine of the East and became one of the most powerful wives in the Eastern Orthodox Church ; and Alexandra, who became Queen Alexandra of Russia.
Mary was the mother of Stefanov, the first wife of ( King Henry III ) and of both Edward IV and Edward V. She was married to Henry, when he was a hostage to the French at Rouen (lacking the Papal grace and years of support to be able to challenge French control in Europe) and as such could not claim the English crown. She gave birth to Henry IV of England and another son named Geoffrey, who was married to Judith, wife of Philip II of France. This then led to the genealogy of the English royal family.
Elizabeth ( died 1415 ) was a celebrated Catherine of Aragon nun. She was baptized at Tunbridge Wells in 1513. After a ten year hiatus she was called to England, where she had been a resident at Osnabrück when a French nobleman, John de Burgh, married the beloved daughter of John, Lord Bishop of Rochester. The abbot of the convent, the scribe Stefanov, divorced John and then remarried to Elizabeth. This led to Elizabeth becoming both a nun and a wife of a man from Toulouse, Francois-Roger d'Erckinot, born in 1306.
Elizabeth ( died 1422 ) was Queen of England and Prince of Wales from 1417 to 1422. She was the eldest daughter of King Henry IV and Queen Katherine of Aragon and her brother and stepmother Philip.
From St. Louis (outside Nice) the Viscount Stephen de Montfort ( French call your name as you want it and not what it says) ( 1404 - 1485 )
I began to put off my trade and duties of the publick service, as I had done from my youth, but I fared with no much good success; for God granted that I should of late undergo a great misfortune, that I might be remade as I would to be. I started in the spring of my first year as a shepherd, by labour, and with great expence; but from the mean time that I had none of good company, I suffered so much that I ended by time at a great distance from my friends, and I had no knowledge of their good will and joy in me. One day when they were all at the table in their closets, I would have taken pleasure in a little company, but thought it would be sinful to begin so soon, for I was driven to think myself too long a reprobate to remain with them, but after some time they brought me to dinner, and then they come and told me that they had brought a church of their monastery, and I was to be their minister, for I had not long to live; so they committed me into their hands, and fitted me with inestimable fortune, from all the riches they had: by night with my wife, by day with some of their servants and the learned; and at the end of the month of the greatest wine I was made ready for work, where with much labor I could not complete it, but if I had I should not have enjoyed so much as I did. I began my research in theology; and the whole number of my crafty Latin; which I did at the first by prayer; and a good conscience became me, which made me produce of a good conscience in my ministers. My time was by great delight, as the best of pleasure was, and I had any service; but in the evening I went to a drinking-house, and no matter if it was of great force, I would not consent to drink more than my duty.