 
 = Action of 13 September 1810 = 
 
 The Action of 13 September 1810 was an inconclusive frigate engagement during the Napoleonic Wars between British Royal Navy and French Navy frigates during which a British frigate was defeated by two French vessels near Isle de France ( now Mauritius ) , but British reinforcements were able to recapture the ship before the French could secure her . The British frigate was HMS Africaine , a new arrival to the Indian Ocean . The French frigates that were involved were: IG Boreland (France), IG Audacious (France) and IG Dauphiné (France), IG Valle de la Seine (France), and of course the famous HMS Abyssinia. With the Great Seal of the United States removed and the flag of France that had flown during the Napoleonic wars replaced with the United States flag, the French flag was removed from the mast. This was done to demonstrate the difference between the two countries. 
Historical sources
It was during this time that the American flag was being used on warships and for that matter for Federal officials to declare their independence. I see the flag all the time on the sidewalk in Columbus, Ohio and as a number of two coats of arms have appeared over the years. My main concern for the real Americans here has always been flag rights of those who are not Americans. In an earlier post, I showed that the American flag was defined and introduced into the US by President John Adams in 1789. 
There is one rather remarkable text that I haven't seen before:  
May the patriotic spirit continue forever! The Island of Italy by James Madison, 1787.
Update: This book is a reference book in English language, published in 1789. This is a very rare publication, just 900 copies were made. This will be available for those interested in doing a historical study of the flag and its inception.
The book is titled "The Constitution and Enabling Act of 1789," which is a new title for this American book. I strongly recommend it and everyone to read it. (Another book on this subject is the book written in 1852 by a French Marine, born in Italy, Serge Chamblier).
From the cover, the book's title is very exciting and says it all:
The Constitution and Enabling Act of 1789
Its founders were Louis Philippe, Pierre Louis, Francois-Jean-Joseph Henry ( William Adams ) and Alexis de Tocqueville.
These five men founded the European Union, in full English, with the knowledge and consent of the U.S. It began in 1815, under the government of Alexander Hamilton, which was responsible for presenting the Continental Congress with the Articles of Confederation. However, in order to facilitate the association of the new states by peacefully withdrawing from the British system of government, the new countries were formed as separate sovereign entities. The United States formally seceded from the Union and became the "United States of America ". This was of course interpreted in Europe, as a breakaway from the British Empire and the incorporation of America as the western hemisphere's center for free markets.
Here is a glimpse of the fly-over of Independence Hall in Independence Square, Washington. The Statue of Liberty is being manipulated by another U.S. flag over there. It can be easily seen that it is the flag of the whole United States of America. The U.S. flag and the German flag are very prominent, both over the Congressional Building, on the steps of the Capitol and on the bus station that stands next to the US Capitol. The Bundesflagge's motto is Iskraus gibt durch Lieber, Germany should establish itself in the world. (Translation: Free Freedom) 
The second quote is a quote from Ferdinand Keplinger, a German diplomat in the United States, from this book :  "The flag of the United States is an emblem of national identity, equality, freedom and happiness. The banner of the flag flies in every free nation in Europe and in every free state in the Americas, wherever the freedom of those nations now exists.  It should never be altered. There is nothing a simple man can do to change it."
On the most famous US flag, you will also see that the number four on it is surrounded by three equal birds, and each of the three birds represents a military service or the threat of a military service. Four is the number of The Knights of the Golden Circle of Bohemia. This was a famous brotherhood of Bohemian order that was founded in Bohemia by Friar Nicholas Ivan of Anapa (See: Friar Nicholas Ivan of Bohemia in What is Bohemia? ), as a boy, and after this historical aspect was revealed, he called the purpose of his Order.