 
 = Mutinus elegans = 
 
 Mutinus elegans , commonly known as the elegant stinkhorn , the dog stinkhorn , the headless stinkhorn , or the devil 's <unk> , is a species of fungus in the <unk> family . A saprobic species , it is typically found growing on the ground singly or in small groups on woody debris or leaf litter , during summer and autumn in Japan , Europe , and eastern North America . The fruit body begins its development in an " egg " form , resembling somewhat a puffball partially submerged in the ground .  In Autumn, the rind peels off and the head becomes visible under the rind, and is shed in a way that is important to the development of more delicate skin. The species is often associated with decomposing vegetable matter, especially in the form of the common kitchen mold {Silkworm larvae} and inclusions from decaying paper. The mushroom is generally ground to a powder, dried and stored in the damp, "green" part of the closet or basement to later be eaten fresh.  Before the term "oh, so much meat" was first used, the most common mushroom associated with meats, and the one that's the most widely eaten in the United States, was the<name> oyster (Ostracodora  Isocephalus ). Prior to the passage of federal Meat Inspection Act of 1906, shellfish foods had been "borne" with almost no quarantine or stishing requirement at all. The Australian Merriam-Webster, in the latter part of the 19th century, used the term "returns of fish from the sea" to describe the most popular and often contaminated consumer products in that country at the time, most notably the clam shellfish product of the Hawkes Bay Company in Sydney, Sydney, and the shellfish from the Eastern States; none of these companies was required to have any inspection requirement, and many used the diseased red shellfish to imitate the products in the market. Many people, including in the United States (excepting the key market in the Northeast), still consider the <name> oyster to be the "meat" of the oyster, or at the least the "meat" that was carried back with the product. Upon the food industry's introduction of the <name> oyster (1920), a major reduction in the number of fish left in our waters, coupled with concerns about high rates of marine debris in waters worldwide, led to the subsequent development of the Bumble Bee Shoal (Umbrella Auritus). This shellfish was farmed in dead oyster shells in which Oyster Jones had been sitting, awaiting the great oyster cull of 1948 (late June to mid-July). Not until the passage of the <name> oyster (1951) was the shellfish reclassified into the <unk> species (With thanks to David Rudman for the original research on the size of oyster's "back" being 5-7 mm <ID#> ). Ironically, shellfish that had previously been identified as the "meat" of the oyster, were now called "back" (e.g. Remigium species), but at the same time referred to the remainder of the oyster as being "vegetable shellfish" (e.g. R. with thanks to Dana Lyons, and Linus Villodobos, also with thanks to Rhonda Hyatt, for many helpful comments on this).