 
 = Winston Tunnel = 
 
 The Winston Tunnel is a railroad tunnel located 9 miles ( 14 @.@ 5 kilometers ) west of Elizabeth , Illinois . 
 The tunnel was completed in 1888 for the Minnesota and Northwestern Railroad , a predecessor to the Chicago Great Western Railway ( CGW ) . The tunnel was located on the CGW main line 152 miles ( 245 kilometers ) west of Chicago in the isolated and hilly <unk> Area of extreme north @-@ western Illinois . It's highest point is the " King Dome " on an almost vertical surface.
 In 1874 a City of Chicago ordinance was passed, by the then Mayor and Alderman Ryan, giving the port a "Northwest Express Road " across the local river west to the Illinois Pacific Railway ( IPR ), the standard for the Chicago and Northern Railroad. Because of the tunnel's location, the railroad allowed for time to dry prior to receiving the steam locomotive in 1888. The tunnel entered service as part of the Chicago Great Western Railway ( CGW ) on January 2, 1889. The tunnel was designed by Sullivan and The Whitney of Carpentersville.
 The new tunnel is at first a narrow gauge, 170 feet (58 m) long, starting at the "Northwest Express (L) Crossing" up the 825 feet (260 m) Tunnel until it switches to a 36 foot (12 m) long section as the Union Pacific narrow gauge steam locomotive hits the first turn, between Chicago and Pilsen, just south of King Dome. 
 After about a quarter of a mile (1.75 km ) the tunnel switches to its main gauge, a rare combination of horizontal width ( 39 ft (12 m) ) and vertical length ( 92 ft (30 m) ) in the U.S. The tunnel then continues up the tunnel, turning to an overbridge about 80 ft (24 m) above ground level, the long overpass over the Chicago River.
 When the tunnel switches to the main gauge, just south of the north end of the Tunnel, the tunnel is widened to 125 feet (35 m) wide ( 50 ft (15 m) wide on its main line). These are two long –ish – running sections, 1 mile (2.2 km) each. At the north end the tunnel exits the tunnel, and is lined with a thin asphalt layer for traction.
At the south end of the tunnel the tunnel is extended, allowing for additional on-ramps and park/walkways. The tunnel is topped off with concrete blocks for all " on the up  of the tunnel.
 Elevation scale on map:
Northwest Express Road (NEO) S Pavement Map - HLC County s Copies [2x6]
Notes: Northwest Express Road / Greenwich Street Bridge, marking 10th Street's confluence with Quincy Avenue, was the only surviving bridge over the Illinois River in the Windy City. The bridge, constructed in 1878, was replaced by a Toll Bridge in 1920, to the north of the Irving Park train station and to the east of the southern terminus of the LIRR. The Chicago Park District & Chicago Canal Study (1917) (CCS) proposed to restore the Greenwich Street Bridge, by fitting it into the Riverfront River Plan, as its new eastern terminus.
If you look hard at the view on the map, you'll see that the road straight to the north is the Grand Avenue on West Street.
The right-of-way for this tunnel was also challenged, as it used a 12 foot (3.5 m) wide (40.5 ft (12.5 m)) bluff. This is a native village, and with the prevailing high water, the passage had to be excavated to cut the bluff and complete the tunnel's access. This almost took the entire spring season, March and April.
The gauge along the tunnel was the narrow gauge (25 feet (7 m) wide) and down graded (low gradient) 7.6 feet (2.5 m) for the entire 120 foot (35 m) long (113.4 m) tunnel.
The outline of the tunnel is illustrated in the CCS plans.
The CCS plans indicate the following:
< LOAD MORE MAPS >
WILLIAMSON'S COURT - 1906
Williamson's Court (now White Rock Park) lies between Ilitch Park and Prospect Avenue on the south end of the Chicago River between Cermak and Kilpatrick Streets. It was a place where prostitutes, ran amok, gambling, and other illicit activities flourished.
For a long time it was suspected that Williamson's Court was used for illegal prostitution.