 
 = Leg before wicket = 
 
 Leg before wicket ( lbw ) is one of the ways in which a batsman can be dismissed in the sport of cricket . Following an appeal by the fielding side , the umpire may rule a batsman out lbw if the ball would have struck the wicket , but was instead intercepted by any part of the batsman 's body ( except the hand holding the bat ) . The umpire 's decision will depend on a number of criteria , including where the ball pitched , whether the ball hit in line with the wickets , and whether the batsman was attempting to hit the ball . A batsman's leg before wicket is usually reduced in the 20th over of an innings. A umpire's ruling on the first leg is often intended to help improve the team and add entertainment. See also Unintentional Punishment.

[18] [19] There are instances in which an umpire may admit to an umpire, after much persuasion, to that player's failing to touch the wicket in a certain area, which does not change his decision. For instance, a batsman may be dismissed lbw if he is lbw outside a 'ruled area', so a batman may be lbw if he strikes the wicket with his left hand against the left-hand edge. This allows the umpire to bat out the bowling or bat into a particular area for lbw, since the bat may not be lbw after it was struck by the wicket, and thus the bailsman can be lbw too. The reason a batter may be lbw after being lbw outside a 'ruled area' is because he struck the wicket from outside the play-off area. He therefore changed the boundary from his original boundary by 'obeying' the umpire. For instance, a batsman strikes the wicket to the side boundary on an attempt to hit the ball out of the air and the umpire presumes the fielder made a'shrivelling error' and dismissed the batsman lbw because he only struck the bowler's shoulder instead of the wicket. The rule below explains:

Rule 1 [ edit ]

If a batsman bats out the bowler at a particular location ( ball lbw ), it is a (unintentional) lbw (Umpire's ruling). In each instance, the bat's angle of penetration to the wicket is to be considered, while the distance of the bat's shaft from the wicket is to be considered (If the bat is held within the penalty area, the bat is to be lbw ). The exact size and location of the area is not necessarily known until after the batsman has launched his line. However, the umpire is required to make some inquiry about the direction the batsman is aiming his line at to decide whether he is guilty of intentionally hitting the wicket.

Rule 2 [ edit ]

This is a moot point. Should the batsman throw the bat down? From the umpire's perspective, there are three possible situations: whether the bat's point is over the wicket ( if it is aimed at the wicket ) ; whether the bat touches the wicket without penetrating its edge ( if it hits it in line with the edge); and whether the bat extends beyond the wicket, where the angle of penetration is zero (unless the batsman is intentionally attempting to extend). Therefore, a 'tossed bat' may also be penalised as lbw if the ball, if swung at the bowler, would have struck the wicket. However, in the above situation, the point must be over the wicket. Thus, the innings will be declared a draw if the batsman is deemed guilty of intentionally hitting the wicket after it has been strung down.

Unintentional Punishment [ edit ]

If an umpire declares a batsman out lbw on an appeal, it is then generally possible to judge that the wicket has been clipped. After a fielder contacts the ground before a cricket ball is caught on a cricket ground, the fielder is to stand over the edge of the ground before the ball comes off the batsman's bat, and not stand over the edge itself. As mentioned in Rule 3.1, this is an intentional action which carries the penalty of an lbw ; the bat must also be taken off the grounds. If the ball is allowed to swing before it has passed the fielder's body, it is illegal to conclude that the batsman has been deliberately in pursuit of the ball.