 
 = High Five Interchange = 
 
 The High Five Interchange is one of the first five @-@ level stack interchanges built in Dallas , Texas . Located at the junction of the Lyndon B. Johnson Freeway ( Interstate 635 , I @-@ 635 ) and the Central Expressway ( US Highway 75 , US 75 ) , it replaces an <unk> partial cloverleaf interchange constructed in the 1960s . 
 The $ 261 million project was started in 2002 and completed in December 2005 .  The $ 121 million final project budget exceeds the cost estimates for the original proposal by a little over $26 million. The High Five Interchange is projected to bring 5,000 jobs to Dallas, with the construction, building and maintenance of two bridges totaling $37 million to $54 million. The final total capital cost for the High Five Interchange project will be approximately $554 million.
The overpass project consists of three bridge construction phase periods, involving rehabilitation, reconstruction and replacement of existing bridges with new bridges, the replacement of single span bridges with double spans and the construction of the double span and double span double bridge overcrossings. The total capital cost of the project was $261 million in 2006.
A detailed table showing all the construction phases for the High Five Interchange can be found on page 140 of the Dallas Morning News ( Atlanta, GA ). 
It was announced by the Dallas City Council at the June 2010 Mayor's Conference in order to incorporate the High Five Interchange into the design and planning of a north-south thoroughfare from the southwest corner of O.W. Myers Road ( Stewart Lane ) to the southwest corner of Thomas Street ( N. 28th Street ).  The project will relieve one of the existing low traffic bottlenecks, by creating a grade separated, eight lane north-south street (about 14 miles ) with a two way protected bikeway.  The project's timing, however, is uncertain, as the project is projected to affect traffic flow along the existing O.W. Myers Road ( Stewart Lane) and FM 626 arterial roads and it is not certain that the proposed design will be finished for 2010.  
The proposed design includes a flow-based design, moving vehicles along the street to change lanes when the roadway is clear, along with multi-directional traffic signal controlled by traffic light signals on the roadway.  The traffic light signals are included to provide two hours of daylight during daylight hours and 12 hours of daylight during nighttime hours. The design will use local streets with a variety of carpooling parking, and a bulk parking area will provide 30,000 available parking spaces. 
The proposed height is 1.1 m (6'10") at the high-speed side of the street and 0.9 m (3'3") at the rear of the street.  The traffic signal timing will use the high speed right turn signal signal, a traffic signal which is activated when the traffic-light.will be activated.   The design will utilize a multi-directional arrow at the high speed road cross streets, and will provide stop-sign and blue lights.
The design will make frequent use of "friction" across the street (dirt) surface. This will help provide for improved pedestrian safety by alleviating the requirement for walking feet and a fast reaction time to responding to pedestrians.
The design will include a pedestrian bridge that crosses the roadway. The current portion of the street will be parallel to the plan and is to be incorporated into the new traffic pattern (high speed north-south and slow speed east-west ). 
The project is scheduled to open by the end of 2010, and the traffic will shift to North FM 626 south of the High Five Interchange, where it will continue to enter the development as Bexar County Greenway.