 
 = Gregory Helms = 
 
 Gregory Shane Helms ( born July 12 , 1974 ) is an American professional wrestler who is currently signed to Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ( TNA ) under his birth name . In TNA , he is the manager for former TNA X Division Champion Trevor Lee . He is best known for his time with World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , where he wrestled as The Hurricane , Gregory Helms , and Hurricane Helms and also for his time with World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) , where he wrestled as " Sugar " Shane Helms . He has also appeared as the actor Kevin Foley. He has also worked with famous model Martin Lawrence. He was one of the most famous to ever debut in the WWE, becoming the second first child to debut in the company.
[ 14 ] He made his debut in WWE in November 2006 in an episode of his autobiography. The 2010 Absolute Championship Wrestling (ACW) pay-per-view (PPV) main event match between Hurricane Helms and Chavo Guerrero featured several backstage wrestling maneuvers and was often characterized as the "Battle of the Billionaires" match. He is one of the longest tenured WWE performers, starting his career in June of 2001, with a WWE split of twenty-three years. He made his debut in November 2006 in an episode of his autobiography. The 2010 Absolute Championship Wrestling (ACW) pay-per-view (PPV) main event match between Hurricane Helms and Chavo Guerrero featured several backstage wrestling maneuvers and was often characterized as the "Battle of the Billionaires" match.
                           He is well known for his controversial character based on two local media personalities, Greg "Titanium" Davis and Greg "The Bull" Helms. He did not go by the first name of "Greg" in the ring, but as "Titanium", meaning two metal. Before becoming TNA president, Helms, along with WWE announcer Mike Rotunda, eventually created the first tropical islands in the history of the company, the TNA World Islands (now known as the TNA Smash Islands ).  He also had the hard mode short version of his name, while the full name, "Greg-Helms" was used.
[ 15 ] In 2007, he debuted as the TNA X-Division Champion, the first and only champion for both of TNA's brands, taking on Santino Marella, the WWE's longest reigning X-Division Champion. He is also the brother of TNA referee Andy Helms. He returned to WWE in 2007 to challenge for the WWE Championship, but lost to Gail Kim. He went to WCW and, in March 2010, returned for a two-year stint. He left WWE in July 2010.
The Superlative
Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ( TNA )
When Chris Jericho was announced as TNA's new booker, he picked Greg "Titanium" Helms as his manager. During the recently concluded SummerSlam, he performed his signature "Bulldog of the Year" "Special Forces" by placing his arm around his wife and pushing her as he wrestled in a high-speed motorcycle race around the main hall. As part of the Performance Center TNA's $500,000 pay-per-view match against Lucha Underground on August 1, he did the "Gas Refs" by taking out Pro Wrestling Guerrilla's Shane Douglas, who was engaged in a stand-off with Chris Jericho at ringside. The match ended in a stipulation with both men held together by a detachable chair. He also won $10,000 for his management company's reputation for booking high quality matches. [ 16 ]
[ 17 ] The manager who beat Brian Pillman was named Marty Henry. Helms also beat Red Rooster and Santana Garrett during a Powerbomb Match. He also became a member of the team, TNA World Championship Wrestling, which wrestled World Championship matches on television. A promo showed Helms leading a rib-roaring crowd in a battle of the giants for the World Championship.As part of the Performance Center TNA's $500,000 pay-per-view match against Lucha Underground on August 1, he did the "Gas Refs" by taking out Pro Wrestling Guerrilla's Shane Douglas, who was engaged in a stand-off with Chris Jericho at ringside. The match ended in a stipulation with both men held together by a detachable chair. He also won $10,000 for his management company's reputation for booking high quality matches.
[ 18 ] He also helped The Junkyard Dog portray a trucker with a crew of clowns and brought Malenko to represent Rio Grande. Later he had the opportunity to appear as himself in an episode of "Conan the Barbarian.