 
 = The Goat Puzzle = 
 
 The Goat Puzzle , also known as The <unk> Goat Puzzle , The <unk> Goat , The <unk> Goat , The Goat of Lochmarne , or simply The Goat , is a puzzle featured in Revolution Software 's 1996 classic point and click adventure game Broken Sword : The Shadow of the Templars . In the puzzle , protagonist George <unk> must gain access to an underground dig located in a castle in Lochmarne , Ireland , by avoiding getting <unk> by a fierce goat . Each time George gains access to the castle, he must collect a symbolic key with which to open the locked door. In each instance, the piece of the key must be placed in a cup to reveal a pebble. The purpose of the puzzle is to help the player gain entrance into the castle without the presence of any other characters.
The hidden room is in the first part of the castle's foyer. The button on the gamepad serves as the starter game. When the button is pressed, the panel leading up to the entry hall is revealed, containing the pieces of the key.
While most puzzle games, like the one featured in Broken Sword, require the player to collect a set number of pieces to unlock the door, this particular puzzle only requires three pieces. If one piece is not in the right location, the player loses access to the door. The puzzle is played from the beginning of the game until the end, though several moves may be used to re-enter the hidden room later.
The right button on the gamepad is labeled as "The Donor" button, which serves as the entrance to the starting area. In the room where the hidden room is located, an opening is the focus of the puzzle. To access the opening, the left button must be pushed to reveal a light bulb on a table, at the very end of the table. The light bulb illuminates the wall below it, allowing the player to read the words engraved on the wall. Each time that George enters the room after finding the light bulb, he receives the chance to re-enter the hidden room.
A hidden puzzle like this one might take the player more than one play-through to complete. It might take several attempts to fill in every possible piece and to give the player every clue in the sequence of letters engraved on the wall.
One of the most rewarding aspects of the game is the challenges the player will face in the castle. One of the most controversial decisions made by Revolution Software is that the princess would have been stuck in the starting room, so the player has to navigate around the room and find her safe room.  
Having started the game in a typical right-hand side (left-handed) room, the player should reach the dark, empty hallway to which the door leads, on the left-hand side of the room. The player can then use the Light-bulb on the table to illuminate the room.
The player can open the door by choosing the Opening an Entry for the Key Button at the bottom of the screen.
The E-Reader
In order to open the door, the player has to push the Light-bulb in the right direction.
The Light-bulb is illuminated by moving a lever at the bottom of the screen. Each time the player presses the button, the lever will swing to reveal a piece of the key.
In order to achieve each entry, the player has to use the E-Reader (backpack in the video game). The E-Reader is an interactive object that appears in the darkness. Upon the activation of the E-Reader, the player is transported to the entrance, and can turn left or right to see what is the other side of the door. To make the E-Reader do the job, the player has to use it in the correct position, which can be manipulated by pressing the E-Reader's respective buttons on the gamepad's D-Pad (on the first frame, the E-Reader is green, on the second frame, it is blue).
The following photo shows the E-Reader after several use.
The Right Under Cover
The player has to use the E-Reader in the right position to reach the next chamber. As the door opens on the left-hand side, the player can reach the candle on the table. The candle is ignited by pressing the E-Reader's right button.
Moving the right button activates a light valve, and the player has to flick the light switch to prevent the fire from spreading to the princess.
In order to win, the player has to use the E-Reader to press the key button without touching the princess.
The right button at the bottom of the screen is labeled as "The Secret Guardian", and appears as the entrance to the secret room.