 
 = The Moth ( Lost ) = 
 
 " The Moth " is the seventh episode of the first season of Lost . The episode was directed by Jack <unk> and written by Jennifer Johnson and Paul <unk> . It first aired on November 3 , 2004 , on ABC . The character of Charlie Pace ( Dominic Monaghan ) is featured in the episode 's flashbacks . 
 Charlie begins experiencing the effects of heroin withdrawal , while Jack becomes trapped in a cave . Also, his trip with Kate Kane ( Christina Ricci ) is cut short when Jack and Charlie reveal their abandonment. In order to take Charlie with him, Jack needs to inject him with morphine. Jack and Charlie fail in their mission, and they break apart after trying to carry Charlie to the cabin.
1946 m.
Jack is sick and on the run from the FBI. He enlists Jesse Pinkman ( James Badge Dale ) and Violet Fong ( Janel Parrish ) to help him. With little money, Kate and Kate's missing husband Jacob Prescott (Robert Buckley) and their daughters come to live with the trio. ♪ Jack is finally found by Charlie and the other survivors after the and Quark (Toby Kebbell ) make their own stay in the cabin. ♪ ♪
Chapter 1 ♪
1947 m.
Jack is brought before the United Nations. ♪ ♪
1949 m.
Jack appears before the United Nations. ♪ ♪
1950 m.
It is revealed that Charlie will remain in New York, where his personal drama over his mother and life in the Commonwealth is worsening. ♪ ♪
1952 m.
A line is drawn between Kate and Jacob. ♪ ♪
1953 m.
Jack takes the mantle of Jack Sparrow and the False Shoe, beginning a new adventure that will lead him on a grand and captivating journey.
1954 m.
This episode marks the first appearance of Miranda Lawson, who plays Jacob in this episode. Her introduction to the series was filmed at the same time as the beginning of the series. She also stars in the third episode of the season, the crash landing of U-156 at the bottom of the South Pacific. ♪
1955 m.
First mentioned in "Encounter at Faraway Island." ♪
1956 m.
Lucy's interest in life spans in science is well-known. In the same episode she also appears as an anthropologist interested in the marine life of the Orient.
1957 m.
Jack's plan to inject heroin on board the Swan is compromised by a small fire in the cabin. ♪
1958 m.
Charlie's mother turns her son in for the drug charges he is accused of. ♪ ♪
1959 m.
Jack and Charlie discover that the target of their voyage may be harboring a sick man named John Fitzgerald and his wife, Mrs. DeReese. After arriving in the Cayman Islands they use a submarine with a heli-pilot to reach the Montauk island. There they encounter and kill Mr. Lincoln (Robert Bruce Palmer ) and kill the wedding party of the ghost who is eating the lights to hide the figure of the dead man. Jack kidnaps Mary DeReese and uses her as a bargaining chip to trick the admiral into letting them into the Faraway Island, thus bringing them to New York. ♪ ♪
1960 m.
Jack and Charlie finally return to the cabin, but they are unable to save their family from the horror on the island. ♪ ♪
1960 m.
A New Year's Day mission to Chicago is more successful than Jack and Charlie had hoped. ♪ ♪
Chapter 2 ♪
1960 m.
Charlie is attracted to a young middle-aged woman named Amelie (a scene from the series season 1 episode "Coyote Swallowed by a Shark") and becomes friends with her. He also begins to adopt the child Amelie is carrying, as well as his pet kitten, a porcupine named Jake. ♪ ♪
Chapter 3 ♪
1963 m.
Charlie begins shooting drugs with Rafe Roman (Phil Davis), another member of the Kate and Jack's family. ♪ ♪
1964 m.
Charlie goes to his mother's grave and tries to comfort her. ♪
1965 m.
Jack, Charlie, and Kate all celebrate the holiday of Christmas by visiting their families. ♪ ♪
1967 m.
Charlie is sent to New York to serve as the mayoral candidate for Ward 6. ♪
1968 m.
Jack comes back from Australia to visit his mother after an air raid. ♪
1969 m.
Jack and Charlie go to a live concert by the Skatalites at Victoria Square.