 
 = Meridian , Mississippi = 
 
 Meridian is the sixth largest city in the state of Mississippi , in the United States . It is the county seat of Lauderdale County and the principal city of the Meridian , Mississippi <unk> Statistical Area . Along major highways , the city is 93 mi ( 150 km ) east of Jackson , Mississippi ; 154 mi ( <unk> km ) west of Birmingham , Alabama ; 202 mi ( 325 km ) northeast of New Orleans , Louisiana ; and 231 mi ( 372 km ) southeast of Memphis , Tennessee . The river, Little Tennessee, that forms the city's northwest boundary, ends just south of the city limits, a distance of about 40 mi ( 64 km ) from the little Tennessee River. The median household income is the state's lowest in metro Mississippi, well below the national average of $41,824.
This map shows a fair deal of data on the magnitude and orientation of the Earth's magnetic field along Meridian, as well as how those conditions affect the magnetism around the Earth. In the Meridian's case, the "tongue" of the Earth is directed toward the North Pole and south to the South Pole. The Milky Way galaxy can be seen through an instrument called the Spaceborne Magnetic Imager (SMID), a series of antennas that intercept the light from the Earth and stimulate the Earth's rotation around the Sun to create an image of the Milky Way. However, the curvature of the Earth's field around the Sun, due to the spin of the Earth, causes the vast majority of the light we see to be directed toward us instead of toward the galaxy.
The penumbra around the middle of the Earth's circumference is, at its most general definition, the entire continental United States. Along the middle latitudes of the Continent, the planet spins at about 15.8% of the rate of Earth's rotation. Just below the equator, the Earth's spin is 40% of the rate of rotation.
While the Earth's magnetic field has been the subject of debate for more than 300 years, evidence for its presence on the surface of the Earth has only been detected recently, thanks to the American satellites Sentinel and Swift. (See the section "Millions of People Use Magnetometers" in the IARPA EARTHAL Report for more on what the Magnetic Field has already proven to be useful for.) Although satellites have been trained on the Magnetic Field, they have only been able to pick up relatively weak spots ( magnetic fields that have disappeared below them ) and researchers must now investigate those without detection in order to learn more about the structure of the Earth's magnetic field.
Magnetic Field Facts
Magnetic field strength in hundreds of milligrams per square meter [mb/m2]
(Source: My Mission to Solve the Greatest Mystery of All )
The strength of the Earth's magnetic field is determined by the density of the material inside the Earth, the global rotation of the planet, the density of water, and the density of iron in the iron core. All of these conditions can be manipulated, so that the strength of the Earth's magnetic field has varied over the last 200 million years. The real strength of the magnetic field could be anywhere between ten and 1000 B.C., yet the strongest iron and nickel cores were formed during the Pliocene, the so-called "cold ice" periods, on Venus and Mars, which happened roughly 160 million years ago (160 million million years = 40,000 years ago ) and occurred at a time when the Earth was still spinning around its axis. At these low temperature conditions, our atmosphere becomes hot enough to oxidize some of the iron in the core (which would cause iron to absorb other ions ) and this hydrogen gas could cause a protective magnetic field to form. This type of protective field would not last very long, so during these cold times the magnetic field would not protect the Earth from attack by incoming protons and protons from the Sun, which could knock out the magnetic field. Furthermore, the Earth does not lose its magnetic field to the cosmic background radiation that constantly sweeps in through space. A magnetic field can get weaker and weaker when it moves away from the Earth, even when it has not been moving for very long.
After the Pliocene, most of the surface of the planet became covered with a thin layer of carbon dioxide, because of the different conditions on Venus, and carbon dioxide quickly causes a magnetic field to form around the planet. Within a few million years of formation, the environment on the planet (specifically Venus ) began to become unsuitable for life, and the atmosphere over it rapidly expanded. In the process, the magnetic field became "crippled" and changed in phase. When the Venusian magnetic field was enhanced, the magnetic field was not as strong and the solar wind was less intense, which can then help explain why we see the Moon, moons, and planets under a protective field.