 
 = The Tramp Dentists = 
 
 The Tramp Dentists is a 1913 American silent short comedy film released by the newly formed Joker productions by the Universal Film Manufacturing Company . Directed by Allen Curtis , the film 's cast includes Max Asher , Lee Morris , Eddie Boland Joseph Singleton and Bobby Vernon . The film is centered on two tramps , Dusty and Weary , who take over a dentist shop and get rich through their untrained dentistry , <unk> teeth with pincers and ice tongs . As with the previous two films, they obtain bad-taste "tampons" which they wear in an elaborate comical fashion. Eventually, those tramps get caught for shoplifting, and are sent to a reformatory. In the first film, Dusty and Weary are hired by a real estate agent (Kellan Pate) to perform dentistry at a nearby museum, a rival property to the Holiday Inn hotel. Together, they steal four 'tampons' from an American dentist in a nearby diner, which causes the owner (Jack Grady) to freeze a portion of the Tramp Dentists. The contents of the five Tramp Dentists from the first film are in this new film, also referred to as 'The Grumpbuster Dentist.'
Hype in the earliest discussion mentions the fact that an actor would be absent from the film to work on the road with Billy Wilder (who later reprises his role as Dr. McCormick in the 1960s original). The film was also called The Tramp Dentists because of its tramp character that would be seen on the poster for the film. The end of the film also served as the title of the original Broadway musical. On January 13th, 1922, the lower and upper version of the two theatrical trailers for The Tramp Dentists debuted, with the lower version running for 36 minutes and the upper version for 33 minutes. The actual film was released on April 4, 1922 by the Paramount studio and starred Max Asher as a dentist that is given the task to take care of three well-behaved black slaves that are being beaten up and robbed on a road trip. The film was an immediate success and helped reintroduce silent film as an art form to the public.  
Comments and feedback are welcome.