 
 = Don 't Take It <unk> , Babe , It Just Ain 't Your Story = 
 
 don 't take it personally , <unk> , it just ain 't your story is a 2011 indie video game by Christine Love . <unk> as a spiritual sequel to Love 's Digital : A Love Story , the game was developed over the course of a month and was released as a free download on April 4 , 2011 . Don 't take it personally is a visual novel , with the majority of the plot taking place outside of the player 's control except for key decisions . The player can have a large impact on the story by controlling several aspects of the story, but the player is ultimately responsible for everything. For instance, whenever a person dies, there is an abrupt revelation that will have negative repercussions on the player's memories and future choices. Most of the choices have direct and immediate effects on the overall story, but the game also relies on other characters for the player to change situations. Don 't Take It personally is a horror game, with monsters coming out of nowhere and seemingly randomly. Monsters run towards the player from cover or along rooftops and jump to unsuspecting victims. In many of the monsters, the player can encounter several types of special attacks, making it very difficult to escape from one of the monsters until it is too late. The player can control the audience with the lower part of the HUD, while the upper part is more open to use in manipulating decisions, and is also much more intuitive than the later game's controls.
Note : Don 't Take It Personally did not release the English version of the game.
3. One After Midnight
April 18, 2011 : ( default: ) From 0.0.5/0.0.6
Player the neon sign that reads : A Message from Video Game no. 2 : " Someone hacked in to my PlayStation." <<<Previous Message>>>>>>>> < Delete_Line_Horror_Sep, Messages __DATE__ >>>__NIL__ >>>
Notice the short expression above. This line in the messages is a message that will continue to burn bright until the 'first' message kills it. It will eventually stop, however, as the game begins to build its story. Before that, the message will fade out, making it longer than the current time. This is a really important feature of the game, as it serves to communicate the player's timeline. So far, all the characters have either been showing up in the game at the same time, or have remained silent since the message appeared. Therefore, it makes sense that these people will all have an effect on the game over time. This is a gameplay type referred to as'shadowing', a key component to in-game branching plot lines. It is easiest to think of this as a sort of puzzle, where one must advance through the game without much idea of where the next 'exit' is, or just the next goal. The protagonist continues to progress, taking risks and being pushed in unexpected directions. He will also, by necessity, be forced to adapt to, and cope with, new challenges. This also helps tie the story together, as there is always a 'next chance' to go down a new route. The story, of course, has a ton of ambiguity, and players may find themselves wondering, 'why was I there in the first place?'. The game begins with the player battling five monsters, with each of them rising up to become stronger and more dangerous as the story progresses. As the game progresses, the player encounters more monsters and takes on enemies at both a linear and random pace. Eventually, the player will defeat five bosses (six in the remake ) and unlock a hidden map, which offers additional, as well as fewer options to progress. At the end of the game, the player can choose to continue on with the story, or just replay all of the previous 'optional' content. There are two endings, both an interesting take on the individual problems of how to live, or how to spend time in, a game, and how to approach each 'problem' from another point of view. There is also a collection of minor side-quests, which are optional but serve as good options for player's subsequent progress.
Note : While this game was released before the popular game One Night Ultimate Werewolf, this game uses a lot of the same gameplay.
4. The Cave
June 12, 2011 : ( default: ) From 0.0.9/0.0.10
Player is discovered alive in the cave behind the shack. You wake up when they hit you with a flurry of curses. There is a blackroom upstairs in which are the ashes of three dozen people, who died on the ground before they could reveal their cursed secrets. The cabin on the porch was previously a hospital. There are five or six statues across the room. You must help decide what the'souls' really wanted to say.
5.