 
 = Toronto Magnetic and Meteorological Observatory = 
 
 The Toronto Magnetic and Meteorological Observatory is a historical observatory located on the grounds of the University of Toronto , in Toronto , Ontario , Canada . The original building was constructed in 1840 as part of a worldwide research project run by Edward Sabine to determine the cause of fluctuations in magnetic declination . Measurements from the Toronto site demonstrated that <unk> were responsible for this effect on Earth 's magnetic field . The first polar ball was officially discovered by noted scientist and solar physicist Thomas D. Gill in 1855. The first polar ball was created in 1963, as part of the city's Magnetic and Meteorological Observatory. The Observatory is also the largest of its kind in North America and includes two high-tech laboratories (1831 and 1911 ) as well as the observatory's offices. Other types of polar ball are linked to this one. Since the 1960s it is the focal point of the SETI Institute. About 30,000 people have used the polar ball to explore the universe, from the British Antarctic Survey to NASA. The National Space Society was founded in 1974 by the Council of Canadian Academies to promote the academic and technical advancement of the Canadian Space Program.
The catch: <unk>.
The First PSI Polar Ball : <A>
Synopsis : First discovered by high-temperature temperature and probe experiments at Yersinia Pneumonia and Upper Darby, PA, where it was selected as a scientifically important element to guide research to understand <unk> in the context of conduction as a function of temperature.
Description : The first research beamed to the remote (and dry) surface of the Earth from the telescope-radar, took place between 1972 and 1974, under the direction of Canadian mathematician Ed Sabine. It focused on the effects of elevated ionic exchange on the interatomic ion structure. The atmosphere is believed to be ionized by high-temperature thermal radiations and is subject to ionospheric transport, which are deflected by the geomagnetic field. In 1981 scientists confirmed the importance of this ionospheric transport and named it the conduction or magnetic reconnection. The resulting conduction was independent of the temperature, which means that variations in ionic exchange might be leading to temperature variations, which lead to ionospheric changes, all the way from the surface to space.
Curiosity: After these first successful efforts in 1975 to find a conduction site for ionospheric transport, the National Space Society was established as a joint effort between the Canadian Space Research Institute and the Canadian Space Science and Technology Museum. For the first time, the Society started exploring the low-Earth orbit, primarily in search of another of its gravitational anchors, <A>. To this end, the Society sent a probe, <B>, in 1984 to the far side of the Moon, which would eventually remain at L2 until 2008.
There was only one caveat: the spacecraft would have to navigate its way back to L2, by taking advantage of the radial velocity variations (like the Earth would) near the Moon's equator. The mission was cancelled in 1992 when it was discovered that the spacecraft, in its original mode of operation, could not maintain contact with L2. The Society actually ended its collaboration with the JSCS (Joint Missions and Satellites) in 2010.
The Observatory : The "John W. Watson'', which is the station where this ball was located, was named after legendary scientist and astronomer John Watson, who was an original co-discoverer of the B-mode in <A>. The base is located on the Yerkes Observatory Ground Station at the University of Toronto, just south of the Astronomy Building. This observatory, operated by the Canadian Space Agency and run by the University of Toronto, provides two free days of astronomy on the rare warm day (February 12 - 17) each year. 
The reason for the name is a simple one: The Bureau of Meteorology observed that the orbit of <A> tended to trap the top of <A> in a low orbit, which results in a trade-off between the cross-range of the centre of the sphere, which it likes, and its path along the magnetic declination line.
The orbit of <A> for > 14 hours has an orbital period of 105 days (25 hours over the edge of the magnetized equator and 24 hours over the magnetic equator ).
The precise nature of the orbit of <A> is in question; however, the proximity to the magnetized equator makes it highly inclined in orbit.