 
 = West End Girls = 
 
 " West End Girls " is a song by British pop duo Pet Shop Boys . Written by Neil Tennant and Chris Lowe , the song was released twice as a single . The song is influenced by hip hop music , with lyrics concerned with class and the pressures of inner @-@ city life which were inspired partly by T. S. Eliot 's poem The Waste Land . It was generally well received by contemporary music critics and has been frequently cited as a highlight in the duo 's career . The lyrics were described as being "about the broad political awakening of modern Britain" and the band had music video collaborations with John Mayer, T.S. Eliot, and the Spice Girls. The song has spawned several covers, among them "West End Girls", "People" by The Cure, and most famously, the hit single " London Calling " by Barbra Streisand.  The lyrics of the song. The lyrics are related to the lyrics of the song 
West End Girls' re-release on vinyl as part of their album in 1981   was a conceptual album, with images of London catching the eye of Peter Maximoff, the owner of a new music store. When the brief arrived from Peter Maximoff to get the new store up and running in a couple of weeks, he was shocked to discover that the staff were absolutely uninterested in the albums they were stocking. The store in question was located at 55 Streatham Road and was really just a cover for Peter Maximoff's home where the duo met and their story took a turn for the bizarre. The art and story was actually based on the original song; the original track is, "London Calling". " London Calling " is by T.S. Eliot (Hannah Carlton.   What began as a story of musical ingenuity turned into an abstract epic as Pet Shop Boys exposed their own ambitions and anxieties for people who still felt trapped within the narrow boundaries of the British capital and portrayed the experiences of millions of poor Londoners who simply wanted something to occupy their mind. 
Listen to "London Calling " on Guitar Hero
If you like what you hear, you can find more from Pet Shop Boys on  
We are very pleased to announce that we have a full vinyl release of Pet Shop Boys' West End Girls  LP on August 7th 2015! Not only will Pet Shop Boys' Bandcamp pages contain direct links to download the vinyl edition of their album, but the entire disc is available on iTunes for $16.99! If you'd like to listen to the Pet Shop Boys' " London Calling " live, or get the latest band news and information, be sure to follow  Pet Shop Boys  and  Pet Shop Boys Bandcamp  on  Twitter. You can also follow  Pet Shop Boys  on  Facebook, and  Pet Shop Boys Bandcamp   on  Twitter.