 
 = The General in His Labyrinth = 
 
 The General in His Labyrinth ( original Spanish title : El general en su laberinto ) is a novel by the Colombian writer and Nobel laureate Gabriel García Márquez . It is a fictionalized account of the last days of Simón Bolívar , liberator and leader of Gran Colombia . First published in 1989 , the book traces Bolívar 's final journey from Bogotá to the Caribbean coastline of Colombia in his attempt to leave South America for exile in Europe . The novel was short-listed for the Nobel Prize in Literature. The novel is also notable for its treatment of transatlantic relationships, particularly the well-known but painful enmity between the United States and the Caribbean kingdom of Jamaica. 
Why Gran Colombia? In the brief opening section of The General in His Labyrinth, we are introduced to Gran Colombia, a land of "pansy" people and "porchinistas", to whom Bolívar refers as "tanchis" (drunken old men) in a harsh and abusive way. From the book's first paragraph, it's obvious that the British Isles — also known as "Pigs in a Blanket" due to the racial "implantation" of the British colonies into the colonial state of Gran Colombia — were an extremely useful venue for this visit. Within a few paragraphs of the introduction, we learn that the strange British colonists of Gran Colombia are being used as slave laborers in the sugar plantations of Spain, controlled by Gran Colombia's dictator Rodrigo Rebeca (real name: Rafael Salazar). Although a total of 45,000 people live in Gran Colombia, just under 1/3 of them (18,872 people) are Portuguese. The other most common nationality are: American, Bermudians, Spanish, Portuguese, Portuguese, and finally. It should be noted that there are those of varying, accentuated and specific nationality. Wherever there is sugar on the Caribbean coast, everyone will speak Portuguese, and that the non-Indians speak English, meaning the Portuguese are the ones dominating Gran Colombia. According to El Comercio, the Portuguese are treated with hostility and being mocked in Gran Colombia. As are the Americans and Bermudians. Being Portuguese, it is quite obvious that all of them are treated like slaves, in comparison to the foreign land where their ancestors gave their lives to colonize. However, in Gran Colombia, the term "pansy" is completely inappropriate, referring to all blacks who are members of the indigenous population (such as the Kayab, one of the group), and the term "porchinista" is commonly used as a derogatory term for "people who are too lazy to learn Spanish, nor understand Portuguese." 
In a full-page advertisement in El Economista, the local newspaper, the socialist councilor for the community of St. George (the area affected by the sugar industry in Gran Colombia ) provides a very detailed description of the sugar plantations, slavery, and negative treatment of the residents. It is clear that there is an entrenched population of resentment toward the Portuguese who own the land in Gran Colombia. In Spanish, the term "pansy" means "colored people" and the pejorative "porchinista" means "cattle-dope" (actually, a naturally occurring condition which is generally not inhaled by humans). Moreover, by normal standards, an average member of the Venezuelan cocaine family could consider themselves from the greater Negro community. El Comercio states that even in the best of times, Gran Colombia's local population is "pansy". The entire section reads: - The homes are full of black folks. The gardens are full of negroes, while the street corners are, for a very short time, the scene of negroes hunting by the hundreds, chasing down carabaos. 
"Soften up, kids," says Gran Rubio's best friend Lígimí. "A free Trinidad is the last thing we need. Look, it's a narcotic! Go for it."  - Our minds are racked with reflections on the "dry-brained," "lack of intellect," and "pansy" jeers from our old-time radical friends. - The hillsides are aflame with Negro hunting parties. Our blood runs cold as we remember how our forefathers suffered from Negro hunting parties. 
"The fool, the fool!" sighed Dámaso's Uncle Pisorña.
"You don't know you're so big a fool, kid."
- When we reach the shores of Montevideo, we pass a parade of black-and-white coca plants. They are well stocked, and thousands of their are going to be exported to Europe to supplement the hoards of sugar available in Gran Colombia.