 
 = Hugh Foliot = 
 
 Hugh Foliot ( c . 1155 – 1234 ) was a medieval Bishop of Hereford . Related somehow to his predecessor at Hereford , he served as a priest and papal judge as well as being an unsuccessful candidate as Bishop of St David 's in Wales . In 1219 , he was appointed Bishop of Hereford . During his time in office , he mostly attended to ecclesiastical duties , but did occasionally serve as a royal administrator . He is in some respects somewhat similar to Urban I of France, who also served as Bishop of Hereford between 1220 and 1230. ( Urban I was elected for Hereford in 1183, but died in 1206.) Over a large area of the Low Countries and the North-west of England, there are a number of locations known as Hugh Foliot, although these were usually little more than museums or, more often, playgrounds, and thus were rather unremarkable. The fifth-century legend that this place had been used as a gunpowder factory in the eleventh century may have been brought about by this. However, the Anglo-Saxon equivalent of the Anglo-Saxon word it was intended to derive from () is derived from two possible locations, both of which are not associated with any major cathedral, and neither of which appears to have been in present-day Wales. This legend seems to be caused by the idea that a factory located in this vicinity could have been linked in legend to a whole network of hidden gunpowder plants located all over the medieval world. In this area, Hugh Foliot's are called people of Corniwul, as opposed to people of Beli, which may well have been associated with the grotto at Twickenham, but this is unknown. The last surviving Foliot at the Church of St Michael, near Newport, is well established as one of his late offices, but was occupied only until 1297. The Hundredure Dictionary adds that the 1220 Bishop of Newport is known as'Hugh Foliot the Judge '. This Bishop, and his successor, the first
1 An interpretation of this legend may involve other similarly popular associations of the name and the church. At times, the Johannine tradition about the company of guns, in a sort of underworld, being built in the grotto may be mixed with a story about a nuclear bomb hidden within the grotto, or an underwater expedition leading to a wormhole leading to another world. This could have been the present-day explanation for a section of the legend in which the actors' names were given as Hugh, Hught, Hughven, and, if so, only the two plural forms, Hugh and Hught. Two of the players, Hught and Hughven, seem to have had a strong association with court law in the twelfth and thirteenth centuries, while the author of the legend doesn't seem to think that Hught was a good judge. While some have suggested that other players in the story may also be related to Hught, none of these are definite. Finally, the picture of the structure inside the grotto may have been caused by an equally vague notion of "pylons", but the pattern of cells on the masonry would have never been repeated. The same suggestion could be made of the technical steps involved in making the guns, but the occurrence of these step could not have been part of an anonymous mission for the purpose of making hidden explosives, as suggested in other traditions of this kind. 2 The situation at Church of St Michael, near Newport, in which Hugh Foliot was perhaps in charge at the beginning of the eleventh century is quite dubious, and the form the tower is taken in the ninth century has not been properly determined. Hugh and Hught, however, were probably related to one another, as the general pattern of the linked figures in the legend is that of his wife's name. 3 Not much is known about the fifteenth century Bishop of Newport, and it is very difficult to establish the matter in any one of the possible combinations mentioned above. The place he occupied in his lifetime is a reasonably well known place, but not obviously distinctive. In the thirteenth century, some decisions made in his absence are being lost, and only the name of the judge is given. We can still tell that the folio of his early ecclesiastical records in this building is of his own handwriting, and that we have the first mention of the legend in the twelfth century, where it is followed by numerous entries. It seems that most of the stories are connected with people who are already fairly well established in the history of Wales, and although at the time they are not necessarily confirmed, they were probably well known.