 
 = Charmbracelet = 
 
 Charmbracelet is the ninth studio album by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey , released on December 3 , 2002 through MonarC Entertainment and Island Records . The album was her first release since her breakdown following the release of her film Glitter ( 2001 ) and its accompanying soundtrack album , both of which were critical and commercial failures from the previous year . The album was her first album to reach #1 on Billboard 200 albums, and her first to achieve Platinum certification. It went platinum, and is now certified 924.2 Platinum by the RIAA and Nine Inch Nails. 
Love is a Weeper ( original title : All I Want for Christmas is You ) was released in July 2000 by Island Records. It was the third album of vocalist and multi-instrumentalist, Mariah Carey, who made her name in the American music industry. She began with four singles, one of which was the album's lead single, "Love is a Weeper".  The single was released in November 2001, although the album was released in April 2002 in advance of the film She's the One, starring James Woods, who played herself. Her self-titled third album followed in September 2004 and, if prior releases are to be believed, she began working on a follow up. In the spring of 2007, when then-principal Peter Cutler announced that Mariah Carey would not be continuing to play the lead role in the reality television series The Vicki Vale Show, many fans speculated on what might replace her on that show. The stars of the show, Vin Diesel and Molly Shannon, had been very outspoken in their support of Mariah Carey during her slump, and many were hoping that if Mariah Carey didn't perform, the four of them would replace her. The cast also included Chris Tucker, Kelly Osbourne, and James Woods, who all sang and performed with Mariah Carey. The remaining cast members included Zooey Deschanel, Joely Richardson, and and (a very late) Uma Thurman. The album, which was recorded over a 10-month period, was first announced in the summer of 2003, although no further details were released before its release on March 8, 2004, the day after Mariah Carey's 80th birthday.  The album consists of 17 tracks, and was produced by James Donald, with the exception of two songs, which were written by Hillel Slovak. Each song has a 5-minute version and a 5-minute instrumental version, with an additional 7 minutes of added material of her own singing.
Julia Summers-Kerrigan (Dixie Beez)
Julia Summers-Kerrigan is the only known current member of Mariah Carey's small group, Dixie Beez. She is also one of the best known "Mariani" of her generation. In 1996, she was signed to Warner Bros. Records and signed a contract with her primary name as Dixie Kesler (Dixie is the initials of another Mariah Carey. She first got her name in high school when she changed her last name from Hillel the Cohen into her first name, Mariah.). She sang in the character of Mariah Carey, and began modeling and working with other celebrities. Her new label allowed her to model other celebrities, including her own, and with the assistance of two of her many managers she went on to appear in a variety of films and music videos. The first movie she appeared in was Miss Congeniality in 1999. She was in good company with movie actresses Cher, Jane Fonda, Mariah Carey, Mia Farrow, and Natalie Wood. 
Mariah Carey and Andrea Thomas (Marlton Allen) In 2001, Dixie Kesler moved out of her home and into a small apartment in Los Angeles, and although it was an unconventional move, it was one she decided was the right one for herself. With Carey having turned her life around (and others were also considering a similar move) she decided to move in with Mariah Carey (with whom she has lived together since 2000), who in turn moved in with her as well, with all three residing in her apartment building in Lower Beverly Hills. Dixie and Mariah Carey have been dating since 2005.
How to Get Away With Murder
This is an epic cookbook called How to Get Away With Murder, which was written by and is illustrated by Derek Waters, from Season 2 of How I Met Your Mother. The title is derived from the serialized podcast episodes of that show, which contains similar recipes that are often accompanied by allusions. Also of note is that the cookbook contains a guide to identifying various fictional characters and unique objects from the show.