 
 = Baltimore mayoral election , 1999 = 
 
 On November 2 , 1999 , the city of Baltimore , Maryland , elected a new mayor , the 47th in the city 's history . Primary elections were held to determine the nominees for the Democratic Party and Republican Party on September 14 . <unk> mayor Kurt Schmoke , a Democrat , opted not to run for reelection . Martin O 'Malley , a member of the Baltimore City Council , won the election to succeed Schmoke . Democratic Party candidate Joe Lin received the most votes out of the six candidates. O'Malley delivered his acceptance speech shortly after polls closed in the city. At the conclusion of the election, a result was declared with Schmoke and Lin as the victors. Lin was declared the winner on November 5, 1999. Martin O 'Malley entered the White House as the 42nd President of the United States of America on January 20, 2009. Martin O 'Malley, the mayor of Baltimore, Maryland, and the first African-American to hold office in the state of Maryland, is an active member of the United States Congress. He is also a former mayor of Baltimore. Martin O'Malley was born in 1944. He was a graduate of George Washington University and completed his undergraduate degree at New York University. He entered the Maryland House of Delegates in 1979 and was reelected the next year. He served in the House for eight years before he was elected to the state senate in 1994. He served as chairman of the appropriations committee and as member of the appropriations panel. He was appointed to the state senate in 2003 and served until 2009. In 2008, he became the first black mayor of Baltimore. Martin O'Malley has been an active member of the Democratic Party since 1991. He served as an honorary chair of the Democratic National Committee, and was on the convention platform committee. In 2004, he wrote the new Democratic Party Platform. On November 12, 2008, Martin O 'Malley made history when he was elected to become the first African American to be elected mayor of Baltimore. The mayor of Baltimore, a city of 2.3 million people, is the second-youngest in the nation and one of the most populous in the nation. The mayor of Baltimore becomes the first African American elected mayor of any major city in the nation. The previous was Philadelphia's Mahlon Humphrey who was elected in 1948. Baltimore has a black mayor on four occasions; Democratic Party incumbents,, Christopher "Chip" Moran, Julius C. Hamilton and Marvin "Buddy" Crenshaw, all won the election. The first was Baltimore City Mayor Martin O 'Malley who came to power in 1999. An outspoken supporter of black civil rights, Martin O 'Malley was elected mayor of Baltimore by a majority of 2,601 votes in a primary election held on October 7. He went on to win the race against incumbent, Democrat, mayor, Kurt Schmoke, with more than two-thirds of the vote. Martin O 'Malley is the third African American to hold office in the United States of America after John F. Kennedy, Jr., and Richard Nixon. Schmoke served two terms as mayor of Baltimore before being elected to the U.S. Senate in 2000, where he represented the state of Maryland.
In 2004, he ran for president against George W. Bush. In the 2008 Republican primaries, Martin O 'Malley was one of many African American Republican candidates running against candidates who were more socially conservative. Martin O'Malley received the votes of more than 63 percent of African American Republican voters in South Carolina (87.5 percent) and Massachusetts (77.5 percent).