 
 = Snow ( visual novel ) = 
 
 Snow ( <unk> , <unk> ) is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Studio <unk> for Windows <unk> on January 31 , 2003 . It was later ported without the erotic content to the <unk> , PlayStation 2 , and PlayStation Portable consoles . The story of Snow revolves around the life of Kanata Izumo , who is revisiting a village to help his relative manage a hot spring hotel .
Izumo, who is trying to restore the town of Tohoku, is engaged in an ongoing back-and-forth feud between the rival Tohoku Hot Springs and the more prudish Kanata families, which he would rather forget. However, when he comes to Tohoku, he runs into Kanata's current boss, Himeko Nue, the daughter of Kanata's former family member, and their mutual support results in Izumo discovering that Kanata has become wrapped up in the disagreements. Izumo's only hope is a chance encounter with a mysterious young woman who lives on a seaside mansion known as the Waianuma House, which is believed to be haunted and only recently comes under Kanata's scrutiny.
The story is told through flashbacks in which an older, cheerful Izumo has become a cold person since the past. He grows to cherish the warmth of Nanako's cabin, the place where the two share an affectionate rapport. However, at some point, after an incident in which Kanata's train broke down, he comes to realize that Nanako is a widowed man, and at some point, he takes Nanako in as his wife. In addition, since he had ended up a vegetable seller of a rural village, he longs for a job as a policeman, and he helps Nanako rebuild her family business by taking in a young woman named Inio. As the story progresses, the friendship between Nanako and Izumo becomes stronger, and the sadness that has long troubled him gradually fades away, but he can't avoid the feelings of guilt and inadequacy that he's been longing for for so long.
Makakita Utsuro
(On October 20, 2003, 18.32 million players downloaded the original version of Snow.)
On October 20, 2003, Akiyuki Shinbo and his friends at Nippon Ichi Software created the first Snow, a visual novel developed by NIS America. Along with Renjin and the Kuruya Family (the family of adult male gamers) and Kuruya Aburan, the two women and the three old men whom Mikage intends to adopt, Mikage is introduced to his first significant target: Oni Mikage.
Since the first Snow, NIS America has released Snow on more platforms than they could hope to: and Nintendo DS, Wii, Nintendo 3DS, PlayStation Vita, PC, and all the video game consoles. The game received an overall score of 89% and has been extensively translated to more than 70 languages. The game is also currently available in more than 18 languages on the Wii Virtual Console. On the Wii Virtual Console, Snow is played with two Joy-Con controllers and is titled as Snow II in the North American Wii Virtual Console version, Snow ( snow/con ) in Europe, and Snow ( snow/con ) in Australia.
The game is called Snow ( snow/con ) in the UK and Canada.
Monofit
Monofit has been licensed by SK Dream for the Steam Edition of the game.
In Monofit, you can switch between living rooms by adjusting your TV settings. Then you can talk, play some games and interact with the people in the house. The game is developed by Watanabe Himaruya, Koji Nishii, Masahiro Watanabe, Kousuke Hasegawa, Fumiaki Iishi, Hiroyuki Okiura, and Toshio Yamashita. In the game, it is not possible to escape the house by entering a window. If you want to move from room to room without having to use your keycard, you must open all of the bookshelves and find all of the missing phonographs.
Sunburnt Bread and Camila Cat's Tears (in Japanese version, Sunburnt Bread and Camila Cat's Tears are named Ruby and Sapphire, respectively)
(in Japanese version, are named Ruby and Sapphire, respectively) A native port of the title Sunburnt Bread from Japan was published on the Nintendo 3DS on February 18, 2012. The game was released as Sunburnt Cat. In the game, the protagonist of the video game is a country boy who lives in a country house. While working for his father as a miner, the boy is assigned to the strong-willed, short-tempered Empress Camila Cat.