 
 = World War I Memorial ( East Providence , Rhode Island ) = 
 
 The World War I Memorial is a bronze sculpture by Pietro Montana and is located at the intersection of Taunton Avenue , <unk> Avenue , and John Street in East Providence , Rhode Island , United States . The sculpture is modeled on Charles Atlas and depicts a dynamically posed soldier standing on a granite base . Montana 's original design was modified by the East Providence Memorial Committee for being " too brutal " . The Project's objective was to enhance Providence's reputation as a tourist destination and encourage the development of a tourism industry. ( 2 ) The memorial was originally conceived to commemorate all United States soldiers killed in the conflict and was funded by the National Trust and the City of East Providence. ( 3 ) The project is named after W. E. G. "Bill" Mathers, a East Providence resident and a US Army veteran who went missing in action in France while leading a reconnaissance squadron. It was also named for the entrance to Providence's town square, Taunton Avenue. ( 4 ) The Port of Providence conducted a civil engineering review of the site in 2006 and the Providence Tourism Committee reviewed the project in October 2009. ( 5 ) The Foundation for American History returned the project to the Port of Providence and granted the lease for construction in 2011. The Memorial was officially unveiled on February 2, 2013. (6)
The world famous sculpture at the entrance to Providence, as seen from behind the entrance to Vassar University on Friday, June 15, 2013 at about 6 p.m. (photo by Faith Herbert)  
The Providence Public Library, on the frontage of the Providence Public Library
The World War I Memorial is located in the University Settlement Area at 26th Street and Massachusetts Avenue.
The museum exhibit of photographs of the Memorial is on view at Providence Public Library from Friday through Tuesday nights from June 22 through October 4, 2013 and is on view at Providence Public Library on Wednesday evenings from May 22 to October 1. The museum will also show educational videos about the Memorial in the Museum's History House on Saturday evenings and on Sunday evenings and at locations in the city. ( 7 ) The plans for the Park also call for the $3 million Park to be returned to the Providence Port Authority (PPA). ( 8 ) In the end, the project's full cost was approximately $600,000. ( 9 )
When finished, it would have been the largest public building in the entire state and the largest public memorial in the US. ( 10 ) It also would have been the largest public artwork ever placed in any city in the world. ( 11 ) With a 1,100-seat theater inside, the museum theater would have accommodated the largest auditorium in the world. The plan calls for the exterior of the Memorial to be "naturalistic" and it would be easily visible from the street, on foot, or through a multiple city-led natural lighting installation. ( 12 ) It also would have accommodated for more than 3,500 public, historical, architectural, and military memorial displays, as well as "stone lapel pins" on loan to the City of Providence from Concordia University. ( 13 )
Opening date for the Memorial was initially set for March 11, 1915. ( 14 ) But, no final decisions have been made yet about its actual opening date and it might not be in its planned location for several more years. ( 15 )
From the Park Office of the Providence Port Authority website, highlighting the improvements added to the Memorial's site since then.
Within the Memorial itself, there is the museum's High Museum Gallery for "small works of art from the collections and collections of the City of Providence." The gallery offers " a unique opportunity to view works of art from the centuries and some of the leading architects and fine artists of the United States and around the world. The visual attention to detail is remarkable, the materials are exquisitely prepared and arranged for the highest possible art appreciation." ( 16 ) It is the largest permanent collection of decorative arts and was created by the Phillips Academy of Art, Providence ( 17 )
The Providence Public Library runs both the Quay Building, at the southeast corner of Taunton Avenue and John Street, and the Hall of Fine Arts, on the site of the arch. ( 18 ) Both buildings offer a full slate of physical spaces. The Hall of Fine Arts is set back from the street and is a private club office, while the Quay Building offers that bit of private office space with both private and public office spaces throughout. ( 19 ) Both are wheelchair accessible. The Hall of Fine Arts and the Quay Building are accessible by car and pedestrian only. ( 20 ) The other space of the Memorial, the Community Armory, is shared by public and private offices.