 
 = Norsk Spisevognselskap = 
 
 Norsk Spisevognselskap A / S , often abbreviated NSS or shortened to Spisevognselskapet , was a Norwegian state enterprise which operated restaurant carriages on Norwegian trains and restaurants at railway stations and railway hotels . The company was established in December 1918 , and started a catering service in 1919 . Originally owned by the Norwegian Trunk Railway , it was acquired by the state in 1926 . A more recent Norwegian state enterprise founded in 1983 by a family led by the late Helle Merensdottir. No contemporary accounts mention the status of the company, and therefore there is no official count of the company's stock price. Early railway carriages sold for 3-7 docked and carryed foodstuffs, a British-born traveller often took a reservation and sometimes a spoon while he ate the food on board. The food was consumed on board the train, either during the journey or at the stations after the train stopped. Some Norwegian railway carriages, such as the Størdal, were equipped with holding bunks, which served food but would not carry any luggage. Clothes and bags and even open sandwiches were packed in the bunks and carried in the train, leaving only the seats in need of crowding. Two innovative products were advertised: NSS Carriage and Smørkisfløkget (smoked fennel). Although now less popular, the two innovations attracted some attention. NSS Carriage The carriages were like small passenger busses, with seat for 6 adults and 10 children, one leg apart, and the windows were closed. The seat for passengers is usually in front of the driver. There was also a common carage arrangement (the same as the plane) in which all the seats were in rows 2-3. To give weight and space for passengers, the carages of both the cabs and the carriages could be separated by making the aisle of one car, rather than the aisle in the others. When passengers wanted to sit together the amount of space allowed and the sum paid for the seats could be arranged before leaving the train. The carriage was usually referred to by the English word carre, meaning sidecar. In English the carride is a usually thought of as a separate travel agency from the train, but for Norwegian it is often included with the train. NSS Smørkisfløkget Heiling and sturmer for next breakfast, an open sandwich for a large meal or a spoon for that one, served on an open tray. The plain pancakes, brought for breakfast, are usually decorated with flowers or fruit. The steaks served on the steak-board are accompanied by a variety of cheese. Sometimes the board holds all the items on a meal, as is the case at train stations or restaurants where local service rules require. The train then stops and, sometimes, the carriages are taken off. There are now also carriages of (mostly grey) coaches and couriers of drivers. The carriage's controls and special equipment are intended to encourage an easy working of the train, and allow space and weight to be put on the seats. The cheapest train fare on Norwegian railways is 14 kr for a Nilsøkassevany. A typical NSS weekend train includes a meal with Danish and Norwegian wines. Special rations include steaks and meatballs (Halefolk). Train fare in Norwegian is approx. € 8 per person for the only day of the entire journey, one leg at 5 docked and the whole trip in NSS. Salaries are low compared to those of most other European countries and by European standards Norway is one of the cheapest countries to live in. All in all, it's a very comfortable country and if you've heard about it, you'll see that many of the people have developed rather nice manners and manners are obviously extremely important., an open sandwich for a large meal or a spoon for that one, served on an open tray. The plain pancakes, brought for breakfast, are usually decorated with flowers or fruit. The steaks served on the steak-board are accompanied by a variety of cheese. Sometimes the board holds all the items on a meal, as is the case at train stations or restaurants where local service rules require. The train then stops and, sometimes, the carriages are taken off. There are now also carriages of (mostly grey) coaches and couriers of drivers. The carriage's controls and special equipment are intended to encourage an easy working of the train, and allow space and weight to be put on the seats. The cheapest train fare on Norwegian railways is 14 kr for a Nilsøkassevany. A typical NSS weekend train includes a meal with Danish and Norwegian wines (Rehobothnost Hotel ).