 
 = The Son Also Draws = 
 
 " The Son Also Draws " is the sixth episode of the first season of the animated comedy series Family Guy , originally aired on Fox on May 9 , 1999 . The episode follows Chris as he is ejected from the Youth Scouts , and Peter drives the family to Scout headquarters to get him readmitted . During a rest stop at a Native American casino , Lois <unk> away the family car . While the kids argue about being in the car, Stewie draws a picture of himself as a wee sai
In a hallway in the Youth Scouts headquarters, Stewie picks up the letter which began "The Son Also Draws."
Within the National Geographic Theater on the National Mall in Washington DC, Chris draws a picture of himself reading from the transcript of an audiobook 'Sinister Brother, A New and Different Mission For Riots In The Police State', a scene from the movie Donnie Brasco. When Donnie Brasco is being interviewed, his protégé, Jacques Emile Oscars, then pulls out his own baby book, The Film Guide The Making Of ( I found it at the library, cheap) and offers to read him what he has drawn. During this talk, Hugo, Scott and Hanna then express their dissatisfaction with Donnie Brasco, and the Rev. Jesse Lee Peterson describes the Christian right as a bunch of whiners. In the middle of the story, Jesus is intercut with video of television footage of the capture of Nazi's at Auschwitz and Belsen. The graphic of the Ten Commandments shows a picture of the former commandant of Belsen, Rudolf Höss, who was nicknamed 'The Beast of Belsen'. In an interview for CBS, Donnie Brasco brags that he survived the camp, compared to the numbers of diehard Christians who came and said they were forced to leave the camp, and also compares the storming of the walls of the concentration camp at Auschwitz to going to church on Saturday. His rantings are reported by viewers to be religious: 'I am a Christian', he continues. 'I am a part of that religion.' ( The Beast of Belsen is seen as a symbol of euthanasia in some circles, and is considered a Satanic symbol.)   His diatribe on the supposed moral evils of Christianity and socialism and the crimes of the Nazis are reported on by viewers on television; though in the end he is rebuked for his nihilistic polemics by Marv's wife
In a car park on the way home, Lisa asks what 'the kid's' number is. At that moment, a very nervous Lois arrives, telling Stewie that she's a child psychologist and he should not be reading the letters. She walks them back to school and says that they're 'waking her up early, so I don't have to worry about it'.
On the phone, Chris tells a number of extremely bored and mentally disturbed people he has made a detailed sketch of himself in all his epiphanies, and it's the last scene of the first episode.
In the beginning of the second episode 'The Series Finale', the radio station announces that a weekly show of the Family Guy has been cancelled. When they call back, 'Upper Lattes' (a sort of American type of pervy yuppie/ rich boy humor) says that they heard on the radio that he was returning to all the character traits from the first series: youthful desires, female sexual drive, his fascination with the occult and full of the kind of wild escapades the rest of the family seem to enjoy. However, Upper Lattes has nothing but compassion and sympathy for Chris and the rest of the family, and although he was concerned about them dying (which they will), he says he'll be there to bring them some refreshments, or whatever it is the rambunctious Chris likes to drink and watch.
When the family returns from the big trip, Chris is reading the article 'The Complete Guide To Becoming A Professional Photographer' by Otto Schulz, a young adult author who worked for the National Geographic Society before disappearing, apparently over this influence. "I believe, with the caveat of this piece, that a portraitist's mission is to depict our people as they really are - unencumbered by adjectives, taboos and boundaries. Now, the page is rolled over," he writes. However,'sensibly' he "interspersed the photographs with their own descriptions, this time using the woman's actual words."
After one of the guys confirms that 'Chris is not a clever forger', Chris says, "I don't know... he's got it all down.