 
 = Trinsey v. Pennsylvania = 
 
 Trinsey v. Pennsylvania <unk> <unk> 224 was a case decided by the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit that confirmed the validity of special elections held without a primary under the Fourteenth and Seventeenth Amendments to the United States Constitution . The case came about due to the death of H. John Heinz III , one of the US Senators from Pennsylvania , in a plane crash on April 4 , 1991 . The Heinz Supreme Court case started out with the argument that special elections could be held without a primary, because of the direct election of state senators. The Fourteenth Amendment had authorized the appointment of state senators without a special election as long as a State Senate was in session before the election, and the Seventeenth Amendment had authorized state senators without a special election when a State Senate was not in session. The question now was whether the Twelfth Amendment authorized special elections when a State Senate was not in session when the election was to be held. However, it was not until Senator Herschel S. Isaacs of Texas introduced a bill that required special elections to be held with a primary, and President Clinton signed that bill into law on October 6, 1994. The case was decided by the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit in January 1995.
Fifty-one-year-old Republican (to indicate that she is with Republicans) H. John Heinz III died at the age of 64.  Her husband, Senator John W. Herschel Heinz (Virginia), is a leading Republican member of the Senate. Senator Heinz, when he came up for re-election in the mid-1990s, changed the rules of the 2006 Republican primary in his state of Pennsylvania to only allow a regular election to replace the vacancy created by his wife's death. H. John Heinz III had endorsed the Santorum-Cheney ticket in the presidential race in 2008, thus completing the sinecure of their first marriage. H. John Heinz III was just shy of fifty years old when she died.  This was a Republican (that may have been of the Blue State party) after all.  We are all aware that twenty-five years ago the Republican party came under fire from the Tea Party on a number of issues including their hostility to abortion, gun control, and the Affordable Care Act, which they considered "socialist".   Republicans now can be classified as radical for those involved in the Tea Party. So let us pause for a moment to consider these two Republican politicians (H. John Heinz III and Santorum) who are closely related to the classic social conservatives. Two other close relationships with the social conservative community that may have attracted the attention of feminists and probably younger women: Bill Clinton (husband of Hillary Clinton) was a supporter of abortion rights before he became the candidate of the Democratic Party in the 1992 presidential race. In the same 1992 election, he was seen as the Republican president. We can speculate that if, in fact, there were more women who were more politically engaged in the Iowa caucuses (caucus-rallies) that the number of pro-choice voters would decrease.  If we are in fact concerned about the disenfranchisement of young women as a side-effect of the, presently, newly revealed, Clinton-Lewinsky scandal, let us consider the Senator from Pennsylvania to be a sister to our own men in the Washington DC region.   She is closely linked to the Catholic Church (pioneer of contraception) by virtue of having co-authored a bill in 1981 to prohibit schools that receive federal funds from offering services such as pregnancy testing, contraceptive counseling, and information about sexually transmitted diseases. In 1986, she co-sponsored the First Amendment Defense Act, which prohibits using federal funds to provide information about abortion. Since Senator Heinz became the Senator in January 2005, she has co-sponsored and co-sponsored a number of bills regarding reproductive rights.   There are several key issues that have divided the two women: child care, and family leave.  More women choose to stay at home because of their work obligations than choose to have children in the first place.  In 2006, 28% of American women with children under the age of eighteen gave up full-time work because of the demands of family responsibilities. A similar study conducted in 1997 found that only 16% of wives of mothers of young children gave up work to stay at home, with the figure climbing to 27% for working mothers of children under eighteen. These are the numbers that are extremely high.  Back in October 2005, when a woman confronted Senator Heinz over her sexist comment about Michelle Bachmann, her lawyer said that she had no plans to sue.   It is difficult to think of a more ironic, insensitive comment by Senator Heinz to another woman.