 
 = Frank Slide = 
 
 The Frank Slide was a <unk> that buried part of the mining town of Frank , Alberta , Canada . The province of Alberta was not created until September 1905 , more than two years after the slide . The community was still part of the Northwest Territories when the incident occurred at 4 : 10 am on April 29 , 1903 . Over 82 million tonnes ( 90 million tons ) of limestone rock <unk> down Turtle Mountain within 100 seconds , <unk> the eastern edge of Frank , the Canadian Pacific Railway line and the coal mine . More than 1 million tonnes of limestone rock contained within the park took 20 minutes to fall through the park's entry passage <unk>. <unk>
Ground Zero  Some 2 kilometres before the drillers began their move, workers digging for the Keystone Oil Company had to head into the Frank Slide to inspect the aftermath of the slide. Roughly 2 to 3 kilometres below the limestone face, Frank fans made up a culvert to permit a further delivery of limestone rocks to the coal mine. The workers and tourists that were on the drillers' routine trek up Turtle Mountain, conducted one of the best early attempts in recent memory to deliver a "skid" <unk> of an additional subsoil load. Within 2 to 3 hours, the column's endstone was pulled from beneath the rock's edge and 200 tonnes of limestone were sent for recycling in the main wall of the park. Early cleanup efforts by the Red River Gorge Preservation Society, Project Valley, a Bureau of Indian Affairs relief patrol, the Canadian Geological Survey, the College of Mounted Police, the RCMP and more than a dozen volunteers, were concentrated on the pile of subsoil, but the excavation effort continued. These efforts continued for another 2 and a half hours, <unk>.
Exterior view of the Franklin Lumber Company Mining Station, Alberta, Canada, May 31, 1913, Ruzhdrok & Tettieow, c. 1912
(photo copyright of Tim Brynildson) 
Fondly called the Frank Slide for a moment, <unk> it was actually a megalith  kiln used by the railway in 1908 to send coal from the mining camp at Frank  to western Alberta. Its coining and delivery capability was enhanced by the installation of a light shaft to provide its overseer with a light view of the mine. Between 1908 and 1926, the bridge at Frank, Alberta, Canada was used for passenger and freight freight, during which time The City of Frank <unk> boasted of  20 buildings and over 250,000 residents. Within 3 days, over a million tonnes of limestone rock  were stored in the Frank Slide, while the Grande Bend was made available for use by the Ontario Copper Company. Frank was purchased by the NDP in 1932 and has now been incorporated into the provincial government's Central City District (CCD).
Frank, Alberta, Canada, circa 1903. This image is from May 1900, as the Newfoundland and Labrador Government Service issued this map of Frank, Alberta. During the Montrose Copper Strike ( 1882 - 1884), the Frank Slide, the bridge and various nearby sections of the Grand Bend served the market for coal, hydroelectricity, timber and railway. Piles of limestone rock were transported by road between <unk> out of Frank to the inner limestone belt which had formed under the Beaulieu River. The coal and hydroelectric power was sent overland. The limestone, mining and recreation that have grown up on Turtle Mountain in the the area surrounding the slide had been destroyed by more recent mining. The current slide occurred in 1902.
Steelmakers, Frank, Alberta, Canada, 1902
Other methods to excavate <unk>
Approximately 5000 km of limestone rock was mined in the Frank Slide, with the abundance and range of <unk> systems, permaculture farming and the design and installation of their varying alternatives to help mitigate and recover the damage that the original travertine excavator had brought upon the hillside. The limestone, pulled by large and sturdy low-profile excavators was placed in heaps of one hundred feet apart over the top of limestone heads that had been raised to form the route of the excavation. The they could then be tapped and broken down for conversion into slag, formed into slag-bags and pulverised into mud for use as other materials. These recycling processes occurred in the Frank Slide and other sections of the Grand Bend to reduce the ecological impact of the contaminated rock and the excavation. Plans to reuse the excavated rock  for open-pit mining were proposed but never realized.
Multi-purpose equipment was devised to slow the flow of <unk> and lower its tipping point when smashing through and hosing. Most of the plants, that had evolved and were used in the Frank Slide and other sections were also used to slow the flow of <unk> and lower its tipping point when crushing.