 
 = Lost Horizons ( Lemon Jelly album ) = 
 
 Lost Horizons is the second studio album from the British electronic duo Lemon Jelly , released on 7 October 2002 . Released by <unk> Recordings and produced by Nick Franglen , the album generated two charting singles in the UK , " Space Walk " and " Nice Weather for Ducks " ; the latter has often been called the album 's stand @-@ out track . The album , which is built around a mix of organic instrumentation and idiosyncratic samples , was met with largely positive reviews by music critics , although it was somewhat critiqued due to its near @-@ constant <unk> . <unk> was formed in London by Ryan McDonald and Ben Davies in December 1998 with the aim of developing an "irrational approach to music based around the idea of harmonic-occurric relationships between sounds that were built around non-existing melodies." Its first release, Bass Fail, was a single that was produced in December of 1999, but was not released as the single is not found on the album. 'Space Walk' and 'Nice Weather for Ducks' were the first singles to reach #1 on the UK singles chart, and both singles are still available on the LJ website. The series of double album releases, the second of which was titled Gravity Waked, was the next release in the Lemon Jelly album series. It was released on 7 April 2000 by Colour Dreams Records, and received a very mixed reception from critics and fans. After its release, it was met with mixed reception from music critics, and was accused of being inspired by the mid-00's "weird" revival, especially by the comparisons to the work of David Lynch, while those that liked it believed the album was more "tour-tested" than the other Lemon Jelly albums. The album, however, became very popular among younger musical fans. As a solo project Lemon Jelly has produced several albums, including Rock O Wrecks ( 2002 ) and Loose Beagles ( 2003 ). The main goal of the project is to produce an album that is "uniquely English in any way, or any style." They continue to release their records by opening for Wax Pop Life and on the publicity tours for the albums. After Lemon Jelly's fame began to wane, they have recently re-formed and are performing live for the first time.