 
 = Irresistible ( The X @-@ Files ) = 
 
 " Irresistible " is the thirteenth episode of the second season of the American science fiction television series The X @-@ Files . It premiered on the Fox network on January 13 , 1995 . The episode was written by series creator Chris Carter , directed by David Nutter , and featured the first of two guest appearances by Nick Chinlund as the death fetishist killer Donnie Pfaster . As with most of the X @-@ Files episodes, the X @-@ Files original movie was heavily altered to make the show more kid-friendly. The episode was released on August 17, 1995. However, because of the success of the episode, The X @-@ Files became the second episode of the season and, with it, the series' highest-grossing episode to date. It went on to make an unprecedented $165,000,000 in the U.S. and Canada.
All right...the rest of the file is straight-forward enough. This is where we touch on the cameo, and that is.... this is where it all happens, in less than twelve lines. I'm going to offer a few up.
Sleeping Beauty I wish I had time to mention three of them. The first is "Sleeping Beauty's Revenge". It's an episode that started life as a 1992 five-hour series called "Sleeping Beauty's Revenge: There Be Dragons", which was comprised of four episodes and a short pilot. Like "Nightmare at 20,000 Feet", which was partially based on the show's pilot, "Sleeping Beauty's Revenge" consisted of two parts: "The Beautiful Dream" and "Sleepy Hollow." The two segments have different ideas for how to deliver the story. "The Beautiful Dream" was mostly a standard short-form teleplay that told a story, then just picked up and run with it and came to an end. It was really slow and jerky, with barely any noticeable dialogue. "Sleepy Hollow" is where the story begins to take off, and starts the format of "Hell" at 20,000 Feet. It's this segment that was rewritten as "The Best Night Ever," where the story starts to take off, and quickly gets its way onto the action. The final two-parter takes place in the summer of 2009, the first from what we can assume is a panel set at the the Dreamland in Burbank. You can pick the second episode up through the sixteenth episode. Here's the rest of the file: I'm going to try and keep it to eight brief examples here, since the clips I'm about to provide are so brief that they actually could be used to complete the essay. We got a series of clips from the show. These are some of them:
Sleeping Beauty  is such an amusing thing to watch. The actor with her hair down in the episode is on a pretty mediocre level of quality. He looks like a wannabe Nicolas Cage. He's in a bygone era where practically anything had to look like a wannabe Nicolas Cage in order to attract a mainstream audience. Nicolas Cage is also known for his obsessive makeup, so if you have this notion of "opposite the 'x' in star", then the "x" on  The X @-@ Files  is actually a rather painful game of Strip Search. I can only assume that this guy wasn't a fan of the show, because it's almost like his infamy and his face just became so legendary because he was so miserable that he would have used extreme measures in order to make it look better. His clothing on the "Sleeping Beauty's Revenge" clip is on the generic black and white look, without any detail or attention paid to it.
This clip from "The Beautiful Dream" takes place almost immediately after "The Beauty Monster" and is a little longer. It goes into a dreamlike state in which, um, pretty much everything that happens does so because of this obsessive makeup guy's obsession with a girl called "The Beauty Monster". And it's fairly obvious that this is a heavily edited dream. The second clip is from "Sleeping Beauty's Revenge" at 21,000 feet, where Donnie Pfaster shoots the vampire Slayer trying to kill him. The animation is a little longer than in "The Beautiful Dream" because of the story's fast-paced pace, which caused the animators to lower the frame rate. It also provides some closer-up shots of the vampire that are not here in "The Beauty Monster" clips.
Let's start with the story of this one, "Sleeping Beauty's Revenge.