 
 = Lock Haven , Pennsylvania = 
 
 The city of Lock Haven is the county seat of Clinton County , in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania . Located near the confluence of the West Branch Susquehanna River and Bald Eagle Creek , it is the principal city of the Lock Haven <unk> Statistical Area , itself part of the Williamsport – Lock Haven combined statistical area . At the 2010 census , Lock Haven 's population was 9 @,@ 772 . In addition to its dominant place in the Northwoods region, Lock Haven is also the westernmost city of the merger: with the stated purpose of serving the greater Williamsport region.
Maryland The city of Towson, Maryland's capital and port, is the site of the city's Maritime Museum, located in downtown Baltimore. Since the 1858 port decision, Towson has expanded into Chesapeake Bay and the East Coast. At the 1871 census, Towson's population was 599. Prior to its widespread use as a shipping port and industrial center during the 19th century, Towson was an impoverished rural farming community. Much of Towson's population during the colonial period was directly associated with the shipping industry, including the shores of its Susquehanna River, where vessels brought in European goods, like cloth, salt, coal and saltpetre. Towson is actually the capital city of Maryland, though it is technically not a city of Maryland or a county of Maryland. At the 1871 census, Towson's population was 561. The city has expanded into the Chesapeake Bay since the early 1900s, and the area encompassed by its tidepools, marshlands and islands is called the Towson tidal bay. For the first half of this century, Towson was the area's dominant commercial center. Once the yearning southward harbor and navigation were located in the harbor, the area was given over to development of seawater and brackish-water powerplant facilities. This development was announced by local leaders in 1915, in a local newspaper, in a public meeting. On the eve of World War II, at the encouragement of the Rockefeller Foundation, the four-year-old company of Dutch Dutch general-in-chief of many large-scale German inroads and dislocations, was acquired. Another contributor to Towson's industrial development, however, was the population's poor education and the interjection of the European immigrants' children into many of the city's major institutions.
North Carolina You might be surprised to know that North Carolina has historically been a competitive maritime state. The aforementioned Kennedy (b. 1798) — who was governor of North Carolina from 1826 until 1836 — was a principal merchant in that state, and the 19th-century port of Wilmington was the "largest trading port and the busiest on the coast of the United States, employing nearly one-tenth of the work force." In the 18th century, North Carolina was known as a trading state in part because of its ability to dominate the Atlantic basin from the coast to the Carolinas. In the 1855 general-election, North Carolina was given 15 percent of the congressional representation of the United States, after gaining an extra vote in 1837 when those in the east and northwest added for the same amount of their votes. The thirteen shipping, blacksmithing, and lumber-building cities are still traceable to its ancestors, and its original connection to the British Isles is still evident in the name of the place. The modern town of Wilmington lies off the coast of North Carolina, on the edge of the pre-existing (and then taking over after) Williston mining town.
Oklahoma Oklahoma's designation as the Northern border of the Oklahoma-Missouri border comes from George Cushing's 1866 bestseller 'The Gate of Missouri.' The name is probably derived from the notion that the river from the Rocky Mountains to the Mississippi, which was "draped with his thorns," flowed from the bottom of the San Juan River into the Oklahoma.
Oregon The appearance of Columbia, Washington's capital, around 1837 as the path from it's West side to its eastside (especially the watery part of the state), and its subsequent expansion in the nineteenth century may also have been driven by the timber and coastwise trade interests.
Pennsylvania The present Philadelphia is located on the banks of the Susquehanna River, which is the source of the Lock Haven alluvial plain, which is one of the primary places for oyster harvesting in the U.S. The city is an important center for textile and shipbuilding industries, where its docks and wharves are well suited for dockside mining operations and warehouse operations. Within its jurisdiction, the city has three main commercial streets: 11 (Pennsylvania Avenue), 15 (Spring Garden) and 32 (Frankford Avenue).