 
 = Liu Kang = 
 
 Liu Kang ( Chinese : <unk> ; pinyin : <unk> ) is a fictional character from the Mortal Kombat fighting game series from Midway Games , introduced as one of the original seven player characters in the 1992 first game as a Shaolin monk who enters the Mortal Kombat tournament to save Earthrealm ( Earth ) . Since his victory in the tournament , Liu Kang becomes the Mortal Kombat series ' hero as the champion and chief defender of Earthrealm guided by his mentor , the thunder god Raiden . Liu Kang is a sixteen-year-old clone of the original MK.
                              Liu Kang: Longjing (Chinese: <3> ; pinyin: <3> ) is a fictional character from the Mortal Kombat fighting game series from Midway Games, introduced as one of the original seven player characters in the 1992 first game as a Shaolin monk who enters the Mortal Kombat tournament to save Earthrealm ( Earth ). Liu Kang's hidden identity is that of a shinobi monk as he chose not to reveal his full, mystical abilities until after defeating his rival, the extremely powerful Kano. 
                                                                                                           Where to start:  
               The character isn't just a strange disguise, it's a parody of a literal life-like persona of Shinnok, a loyal warrior in the style of a Chinese Chinese monk, who often returns to earth to retrieve his weapons and treasures, all of which are hidden somewhere deep in the jungles of the Mortal Kombat series. The original fighting game series was a lot of fun to play through and you'd take it up until you got to the 80's. But it was mostly just for the purpose of screwing with your friends or to explore new, exciting aspects of a story as you always seemed to be getting the two masterpieces right. It was not the case with Mortal Kombat: Deadly Alliance which feels like a bad, meaningless, unfulfilling imitation of a original game for the sake of an easy, bombastic, excuse to play to an old school gamer who never bought a fighting game.
               Especially in fighting games, since many characters that were supposed to be the hero are done as simple villains and frequently have a great deal of useless storylines and little to no interesting gameplay or meaningful character development. You spend most of your time beating up anybody who gets in your way and advancing to the next stage to beat him up or kill him. Even when the game makes a good effort to stand out among many others, it never manages to do so. Sure, your character looks cool and has some cool moves, but there's no interactivity and it never, ever changes the flow of the game. Characters like Puma and Blitzkrieg may look like things from a European-style comic book to your kids, but their mechanics are not more mechanically sophisticated. It's like two people who like fighting games are going to argue about the best or most engaging combo moves for your character until they have their theories put to test by a real life professional. The one thing you'll get is a couple of cool badass moves for your character and that's it, no room for it to go on and on.
               It's sad how some fans try to take the many conflicts in the series to heart and that they then think that they need to go on a journey with the characters to understand them. Since all these conflicts involve race and ethnicity and civil liberties or the like, for them the conflict may be secondary to the plot, and if you don't give it some time, you'll forget they even happened. For the point of this essay to be relevant, it is necessary to go back to why I'm writing about the series.
               That's why I'm writing this review. For those who still haven't seen Mortal Kombat: Deadly Alliance, there is some insight into that fight as the eventual victor "Zeek" gets to take Shao Kahn's life. I think it's a fine movie. It's certainly not the most entertaining, and while it might be hard to watch for most people, it's a close second, and you could use a little help. The movie made for an interesting conclusion and was well-made, but not nearly as flashy or amusing as its sequels. There's no novel or flair, but at least it's a really well-made piece of work.
               For someone like me who normally always enjoys fictional characters, especially ones with quirky personalities, this Mortal Kombat reboot is seriously disappointing. They've already lost a lot of fan-base from the original MK, but the ones that stayed were certainly not close to loving the original games. For those people, well done on your efforts, but you've still got yourself a disappointment. Sorry, fans, you've all been dismissed to the dustbin of history.