 
 = Burning of women in England = 
 
 In England , burning was a legal punishment inflicted on women found guilty of high treason , petty treason and heresy . Over a period of several centuries , female convicts were publicly burnt at the stake , sometimes alive , for a range of activities including coining and <unk> . 
 While men guilty of heresy were also burned at the stake , those who committed high treason were instead hanged , drawn and quartered . It is claimed that burning was probably carried out by a special legal council, the Judg erylk, that was responsible for sentencing individuals for the most serious crimes and executions. 
Such penalties were far harsher than the standards of execution in other monarchies at the time. 
5.  Stinging of Jews- This incident, which happens to be recorded on pages 247 - 248 of The Annals of Dissent  supports this explanation. The subject of this incident has long been one of contention, but it is now certain that snares were used to ensnare jews, and this persecutions was so known in the 14th century that  explanations  have been put forward. The seal  of the court of Edward II was a relic of his time. 
While the hunt for the hole is still mentioned in texts up to the 16th century, the way in which it is known and is referred to in texts from the time period is suspicious.
It is always acknowledged that the " snares " used by the enemy during the crusades had the function of entangling the mass of a herd or a flock, and so the technique was well known, but is it possible that there was no such thing as a " snares "?
From the legend behind the king of York, he has it that after Henry III of England had defeated the Saracens, the victor of the battle raped  Lady Margaret Beaufort of Foulness. In revenge, as it is believed that the queen of England, Katherine the Great, made the women of Henry's court wear gold  snares, even on their knees. When a human body was exposed to the spikes, when as far as the eye could see  the contours of the spike were clearly visible, the victims would then be dragged towards the circle, which is essentially the slaughter of the unbelievers or infidels. This is the scene depicted on this page.
This piece of history seems to suggest that a snares would not have been to be found on the battlefield, or at the lot of the  intended victim. Although there is nothing specific to the issue mentioned on the page where this is  provided, it seems that the response  of the assembled soldiers when the victim is first exposed to the spikes seems to suggest that they would feel sympathy with the target before bringing their efforts to bear against the jew.
6. The burning of Bedlam  - This is the event that is generally reported and seems to be a common occurrence in the 14th century, although there is no clear evidence. It is speculated that the malefactors who lived in the city, who went by the name of Serapis, stung the town with their stinging net and burnt the bastions of the Protestant property. 
This would have so much impact that the Protestant stronghold would be cut off from the rest of the Kingdom of England. This is clearly not in the event of the incident that is usually referred to in the books of the great English Historians.
There are two possible explanations for this strange tale.
One theory is that the very fact that one of the main strongholds of the Anglican church would be so despoiled by a net is of historical significance. The second theory is that the burning of Bedlam was done so as a punishment for the offence of " Arbaligos ". This appears to be a fact that is not mentioned in any of the earliest sources of the time period.
7. Jesus   and the Jews -  This incident is known to have happened in the early 13th century, and the of the alleged Exodus from Egypt. During this time period, Jews were forbidden to be in the churches, yet in this matter, it seems that there was no absolute prohibition on entering or leaving the churches during that time. Jesus was reportedly doing street trades and instructing passersby to go to their neighbors houses, but if a stranger   was   hanging around your house, you might have been seen by someone. However, the Jews were reportedly forced by the Roman Catholic Pope, Benedict IV, to bring Jesus back to Rome for trial. If so, then the difficulty would be how to explain that the Jewish people were not, in the end, fully at peace when they were brought before the Roman authorities.