 
 = Loverboy ( Mariah Carey song ) = 
 
 " Loverboy " is a song by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey . It was released on July 16 , 2001 by Virgin Records America as the lead single from Glitter ( 2001 ) . Written and produced by Carey , Larry Blackmon , Thomas Jenkins and Clark Kent , " Loverboy " is built around a sample from " Candy " by Cameo , who are also featured on the track . Lyrically , the song finds Carey <unk> about her loverboy , a man that will fulfill her physical and sexual desires . In a 2012 interview, Mariah revealed that after the American music industry had started to become harder on women, Mariah was inspired to write her song. She states, " I have this song called'Loverboy ', it's about, I'm really happy for me and all those girls that I've grown up with... All those girls that used to hit me over the head with their stories about being raped and it would feel good and then someone comes along and that's when I started to come up with the phrase '

A man has fucked me over for the right reasons, I hate you. I don't care if you're a bitch. Because I can't be. I've hurt somebody, your one time ride is over and I love you."[4]

Considered to be Mariah's'most serious' song, it follows her efforts to set straight her past.[5] Carey's love for American music, particularly male pop music, stems from her father, an accomplished music industry figure. Born in the City of Angels to a Jazz music lover, and attended John Oates High School, Mariah had a theatrical upbringing. She began her career in the company of her father's trusted stable of "Bentleys, Malibu cruisers, cars, and private jets." Despite her non-conformist lifestyle, the muscular, tattooed Carey returned to the singing career of her youth with the addition of a performance style far removed from her teenage years.[6] Mariah also has a personal financial investment in the music and film industry: having made the industry her home, Mariah's career in Hollywood is centered around her star power and her opinions, thus, earning her the label of a "publicist."[7] Carey has made numerous television appearances over the years, such as Good Morning America, The Late Show with David Letterman, and The Jay Leno Show, and recently has lent her voice to films such as Zoolander 2, Hidden Figures, How to Train Your Dragon 2, and A Monster Calls (2001).

Originally named Candy Love, in late 2001, the supposed name was changed to " Loverboy."[8] As a result of his work with the American music industry, Mariah currently maintains a reputation as a feminist vocalist. In 2013, Mariah again came under the spotlight for her outspoken attitudes and an evolution on feminism, ultimately labeling herself as a "true feminist."[9]

Personality [ edit ]

I love my babies : Lyrical words of Mariah Carey

"Here's the deal. I'm not used to being in the limelight, especially with a Christian message. I'm used to being a dancer and playing bongo. I just feel completely humiliated and outside. I hate that.

I don't like looking at some of the misogynistic stuff going on in the country, or stuff like that. But if there is an element of that going on in the country, I feel like I have to speak up to the world to let people know that this is wrong. That we are so blessed, if I'm lucky enough to be here. So, if people don't know the truth, they won't believe that God blesses you, for being born, and is not going to make you feel guilty, or get mad at you.

Not even to be dismissed, sometimes. It's something to always remind you that things aren't about you. They are just about others. But it's going to happen. And it's going to be different for you and me, it's just part of God's plan. I don't want to let people down, especially the younger generation. I don't want to let my friends down, either. It doesn't mean I hate women. It just means that they can't do whatever they want to me. They just can't do the things that they want to me, or that I think they should be able to do.

I don't like talking on the phone, I don't like in church, I don't like in theaters. I don't like all the s--- that goes on in those types of situations. I can't stand that. It makes me mad. But it goes into this whole man beating on woman thing. That's not my brand of music, if you know what I mean.