 
 = White Dog ( Gary novel ) = 
 
 White Dog , released in France as Chien Blanc , is a fictional autobiographical novel written by Romain Gary . Originally published as a short story in Life in 1970 ( 9 October ) , the full novel was published in 1970 in French in France by Éditions Gallimard . Gary 's English version of the novel was published in North America in the same year by New American Library .
As for the phrase "maggot game", this is from the original context of the game, which is generally meant to be a bit of an assualt; this, in turn, may be an allusion to an enemy who it was considered a provocation for his irritation. The term seems to have been used by various German armies before they were recruited into the German army in this manner. The term is used instead of the Dutch "munch", as was common in that country. This usage is mentioned in Frank and Klaus Lehman's book The White Goddess: "It's the kind of thing the Germans used to call the'maggot game', a somewhat boorish idea that caused outrage among the locals." ( The White Goddess, v. p. 6 ) The expression is possibly an allusion to the phrase "das Aufstieg macht gegen Mein Kampf" (the "White power to the people"). Also, while the usage of the term as an allusion to the White Man was not common in Germany or Holland, it is known that there were some who liked that the term referred to the Germans' efforts to secure the American Civil War. The term "maggot game" may be the same as "Chien Blanc" in English.
John A. Mackey, A Curious Odyssey (1974) "A profligate, ditzy blond moron named John A. Mackey finally made his public appearance on the scene. He was openly selling papers. He clearly had no business with the newspaper business. Except that he had some." Now I know why he was called "John Mackey" from the beginning.  And I believe he just wanted to make a point.
I bet that he knew that by just applying his name would be like you filling in a bunch of holes with a few rivets.  And so he chose the term "ditzy blonde moron" for his character.  Of course, he added the embarrasing final fact that his name was John Mackey, because of course he did.
John Mackey continued his career as a newspaper editor at the New York Times until he was made editor of the Illinois State Newspaper on 31 October 1948. He lived and worked in New York City for many years, before settling in Peoria, Ill. where he wrote for newspapers from 1955 until 1973, for which he won numerous journalistic awards and newspaper competitions. He was an early supporter of the arts and other pursuits of humanities and social causes, and served as vice president of the Museum of Fine Arts in New York for over four decades. In 1962, Mackey moved to Peoria and devoted the next two decades to the revitalization of the Peoria arts scene, becoming instrumental in its establishment as the world-class city that it has been ever since. He died there in 1985.
While we are stuck with the discussion of the cultural and related implications of these most recent blog posts, let's revisit a more commonly known expression and see what it has to say about the recent news of the "fake news" scandal in the United States.
Popular author David Ray Griffin recently wrote an article for CNN titled "No, the Russian-Hating Media Was Not Fired For Being Russian-Hating"  ( www.cnn.com/2018/08/29/us/politics-... ).  Griffin discusses how he came to be interested in issues of media bias (which might be related to his writing) and in particular how the heated media coverage of Hillary Clinton during the election season was an important factor in voter manipulation. While he credits the Clintons for the "overwhelming" election rigging of the media, he doesn't want to paint the entire news media with a broad brush. Even though Griffin does find fault with the source of the "fake news" incidents he sees, he is reluctant to use the word "Russia" or "laundry" to describe these topics because these are descriptions of state-sponsored mass media that he does not agree with.  So it might be that he just doesn't believe these media-driven events are part of the same system that governs the majority of Americans.  Or he might actually be arguing that a large number of the incidents he condemns (e.g.