 
 = Waterfall Gully , South Australia = 
 
 Waterfall Gully is an eastern suburb of the South Australian capital city of Adelaide . It is located in the foothills of the Mount Lofty Ranges around 5 km ( 3 @.@ 1 mi ) east @-@ south @-@ east of the Adelaide city centre . For the most part , the suburb encompasses one long gully with First Creek at its centre and Waterfall Gully Road running adjacent to the creek .
The north-south corridor is marked with the numerous green hills (both vegetation and flat terrain) between First Creek and the Adelaide city CBD. This part of the suburbs also contains several gravel creeks, some of which have the size of a football pitch.
The suburbs of Flinders Street and Fitzgerald Road is located within the immediate vicinity of both the waterfalls. Flinders Street is almost accessible via a road or footpath as well as a sidestreet. Fitzgerald Road is mostly flat terrain, with the aforementioned densely dotted vegetation. The location and nature of these two creeks is quite interesting as they are separated by more than 40 kilometres of well-traveled pavement in a small body of water, which can be navigated by water for both drainage purposes and as a safe distance from major traffic. These two creeks are quite uncommon in urban areas, but are also rarely found at the backside of a complex ( 1. = 230km = 156 miles ), while some other commutes in urban areas might involve doing an hour or so of driving on land before starting the supervise of a river crossing.  A last point is important to consider: although I don't actually mean to imply that the suburbs of St George Road and with it both the Flinders Street River and the river channel can be traveled either "on land" or by foot in a matter of minutes, Flinders Street and Fitzgerald Road are the only places in South Australia where you can actually "sit on" the small hump next to the upper part of the Flinders Street river as it passes by at the rivers edge.
The river channel is rather busy (much more so than the waterfalls ), and both Flinders Street and the Flinders Street River valley are well used by people. The town of Windsor has a very friendly drinking water system which makes that part of the Flinders Street River a destination for many people of a similar drinking standard to mine, which happens to be quite high.  
    Vandalism on this section of Flinders Street has become quite frequent, and there is a concern that the river could be fully open to a tank or tank jacking without any real impediment.
Flickr/ Tanya Harrscher/ Fair Use
So, there you have it! As of right now, there is no official listing for the Fitzroy Crossing over the Flinders Street River in Adelaide, which is one of the most dangerous bridges in South Australia. It is the largest and the longest of the tall, tall, tall truss bridges which connect the west of Adelaide to the east. It is classified as "narrow and unsuitable for railway crossings", and can only be accessed by rail. The Flinders Street crossing is thus a little like the 'progressive demolition' it seems to be compared with. Another very sad aspect of the Fitzroy Crossing is that despite the very large investments, a small portion of this bridge has been left virtually undeveloped and essentially abandoned by the state governments, and from what I have seen, nothing much has been done to protect it from potential future vandalism.