 
 = Moment of Surrender = 
 
 " Moment of Surrender " is a song by rock band U2 and the third track on their 2009 album No Line on the Horizon . During the initial recording sessions for the album in 2007 in Fez , Morocco , the band wrote the song with producers Brian Eno and Daniel Lanois within a few hours . Together , they recorded the song in a single take ; Eno called the song 's recording " the most amazing studio experience [ he 's ] ever had " . For the song, they added guitars, a repeating loop of 24,000 notes, two strings and a drum set to the original recording. When asked about the possible ending of the song, Lanois said:
"You know, this was always an exciting story. It is impossible to predict what the reaction [to this song ] would be so I wouldn't be able to say anything.   We are hoping for [ a] rise in sales, we know, I know this is something that we would like to do, so we are going to take this absolutely wherever the muse takes us, but that is the bonus of doing something." 
The album was released in the spring of 2010 in Morocco. The song was chosen as part of the 13th track of the album with a color changing appearance.   "Let's Go Crazy" contains the most famous song from the project, albeit short and under 3 minutes.  As the production of the song went on, U2 were required to balance the  difficult nature of the song with the band members first impression with one another. The song was rewritten multiple times to help to create a more comfortable and compelling " let's go crazy " sound.   Throughout the making of the song, U2 kept avoiding the subject of sexuality. The song is about how the band is frequently confronted with sexuality and hence were shaped to become more sociable with one another through the use of post-shave products. The song has also been considered to be the most sophisticated and creative song recorded by U2. During the tour of New Zealand, U2 performed it in the outro of "Standing on the Moon" with James Blake. 
As for the second verse of "The Star-Spangled Banner ", it's part of a longer version from the U2 album Star Spangled Banner.  The song was written for and released during the first week of World War I. On the day of the war, U2 sat down to write songs. The band eventually wrote a third verse for the song but it was also scrapped during the filming of the musical stage production in New Zealand. In addition, the three last words of the second verse was also changed during the recording of the final version.
The English verse of "The Star-Spangled Banner" is composed by Edgar Allan Poe, it contains the words:
"For the home of the brave, the land of the free and the home of the brave again:
To the home of the brave, the land of the free and the home of the brave again:
For the home of the brave, the land of the free and the home of the brave again:
As the star-spangled banner in the breeze sings o'er the land of the free and the home of the brave again."
  The English-accented version, if the original version is regarded as original, has a total of 66,400 words. The total number of syllables in the English version of the song is 162,300. When using the 30 letters of the alphabet in its pronunciation, there are 4 different versions of the words "Breathless" (a shortened variant of "Breathless", in American English), "Yes We Can" (the second reworded version), "Step By Step" and "Straight Up" (the original "Yes We Can" of the American original album, translated into English from Italian lyrics ).
This article has provided the reading material for the few times U2 have performed the song.  I hope that these few lines were helpful for you.