 
 = 1940 Atlantic hurricane season = 
 
 The 1940 Atlantic hurricane season was a generally average period of tropical cyclogenesis in 1940 . Though the season had no official bounds , most tropical cyclone activity occurred during August and September . Throughout the year , fourteen tropical cyclones formed , of which nine reached tropical storm intensity ; six were hurricanes . None of the hurricanes reached major hurricane intensity . Two hurricanes formed during the winter of 1940, one in early January and one in late February. Ten tropical cyclones formed from late January to early February. One tropical cyclone formed in late January and two in late March. Two non-hurricanes formed from late March through May ; three from late May through mid June ; and two from mid June through mid July.
Atlantic hurricane season (1940 to 1950) Time series of Atlantic hurricane season 1940 to 1950.
Time series of Atlantic hurricane season 1940 to 1950.
Car-policing as a means to reduce tropical cyclogenesis When prohibition of the traffic of fuel was eliminated in 1940, the number of motor vehicles increased dramatically, and there was little government regulatory oversight of motoring. As the American economy was recovering from the Great Depression in the early 1930s, many Americans felt the need for some relief from the relentless dreariness and winter of that difficult time. But unlike Prohibition, the ceded power to regulate vehicle fuel was easily seized, and officials began to choose which new laws were likely to boost the automobile industry and support public safety. Some rules were arbitrary or unjustified, some were put into place even by emergency legislation; one, instituted as a response to a hurricane, mandated motorists pay fuel taxes during emergencies. Other rules were put in place in the name of safety and increased enforcement of existing laws. By late March of 1941, by far the largest proportion of federal revenue went to highway revenue; for example, 50.8% of federal highway funds were derived from fuel taxes, 17.9% from sales taxes, and 17.5% from fees on vehicle sales and use, though only 1.2% were derived from motor vehicle licenses or registration. 1 Among the late 1950s are many attempts to bring it under more secure control. The establishment of the Interstate Highway System and the primary goal of supporting urban areas has been a principal measure of reconstruction. Others have included alternative modes of transportation, such as rail, and local roadway and street building. The Interstate Highway System, constructed in 1936, provided an international standard for interstate motor transportation for the next sixty years. Early in 1956, this system was extended to seven new states, almost as much as was proposed in the 1930s. In 1968, the Interstate Highway System was reconstructed with the construction of the Bayway Expressway. These roads have greatly improved the quality of traffic and the quality of traffic control. Before the mid-1950s, a substantial percentage of all vehicle-related deaths occurred in large towns. In recent years, interstate transportation has provided more and more residents with a secure means of making such decisions.