 
 = Don 't You Wanna Stay = 
 
 " Don 't You Wanna Stay " is a duet recorded by American singers Jason Aldean and Kelly Clarkson from Aldean 's 2010 album , My Kinda Party . It was also included in the deluxe edition of Clarkson 's 2011 album Stronger . " It was written by Andy Gibson , Paul Jenkins and Jason Sellers . After Aldean and Clarkson performed the song together on the 44th annual Country Music Association Awards on November 10 , 2010 , it was released as the second single due to strong demands of radio stations on the following day . However, the song has been set to become one of the most popular songs on Radio One in the US, though radio stations in the UK and Ireland have not performed the track, due to protest by the Left Coast.
This song is available in the radio stations.
Although it isn't sung in the English language,  the song is sung to the tune of the song " And I Thought That I Was a Ballerina " by Alan Watts. It is often in the form of a talk.
Don 't You Wanna Stay is also on the album Half Sustained Song When I'm Right In Your Corner, with R. Kelly, Stevie Nicks, Ella Fitzgerald, Donna Summer, Donna Summer, Lady Sovereign and Minnie Riperton.
This is a track in which  Jimmy Fallon explains the theory of relativity and the passage of time (followed by a jingle in which he talks about the "Galaxy in a bottle", which contains the universe itself). When the lyrics are sung by the lead singer, they are not official measurements of time, but rather also performances and concomitant language. The phrase " When I'm Right In Your Corner " originally appeared on Lady Sovereign's album How It Was at the 2013 Vans Warped Tour, but the singer chose to call it by that name for this song.
At the end of the song, the words " Don't You Wanna Stay " are sung. It is used as a closing phrase in six versions, with different vocal parts and instrumental parts.
At the end of " Don't You Wanna Stay ", the word " Don't " is sung.
In the latter part of the song, the song goes on to reflect on the end of the season for the current NFL teams.