 
 = Devin Townsend = 
 
 Devin <unk> Townsend ( born May 5 , 1972 ) is a Canadian musician , songwriter and record producer . He was the founder , songwriter , vocalist , and guitarist in extreme metal band Strapping Young Lad from 1994 to 2007 and has an extensive career as a solo artist . 
 After performing in a number of heavy metal bands in high school , Townsend was discovered by a record label in 1993 and was asked to perform lead vocals on Steve Vai 's album Sex & Religion . The first American band he was a part of, Dark Star Orchestra, was formed in 1994 and released their debut album in 1996. Their big break came with the release of their second album in 1996, which contained a good amount of heavy, avant garde metal riffs and was considered a watershed record for the genre. He and the band were later invited to tour Europe and North America by the same record label. In the US, they had appearances on a number of late night variety shows and on MTV, and their material was featured on various television programs. In 1997, Townsend signed a deal with various independent and metal record labels and began working on his debut album. Originally titled, It's Dark And Hell Is Hot, it was changed to Oh My God! (as well as other IWH titles such as It's Vaug Nliaer) in order to avoid legal problems with his former bandmates, Strapping Young Lad. It was released on May 21, 1997, and sold approximately one million copies. It would be his final appearance as Strapping Young Lad. He was married to the former actress and singer Jody Hoag, and they have three children. In 1998, Townsend signed with "one of the most progressive labels in the industry", Daptone, to record some of the albums that would eventually become his classic, Urban Shaman. There was also some speculation about a connection between Townsend and the former British heavy metal band Screaming Virgin Records in the UK, although the two men have not connected and Townsend currently owns just an exclusive deal with the New York-based label.
Daptone vultslave 
( 1999 ) "Elise" (1999)
On November 1, 2001, the tour dates for Urban Shaman were postponed to enable Townsend and his family to be reunited in time for his son, Gavin, to start kindergarten at their home in Niagara Falls, New York. Townsend had two daughters from a previous relationship, Leah and Elisha, and he frequently made a stop at their home while on tour. With many of the Daptone demos still to be recorded by Urban Shaman, he was unable to work on music for a long time and many of his "mystical" songs were dropped. After a hiatus of over a decade, he returned to the studio to work on some of his earlier albums. However, he continued to live a double life as a solo artist, playing solo concerts and occasionally doing metal inbetween other tour commitments. In 2005, he began working on a new record that would introduce him to a whole new generation of fans. It's Dark And Hell Is Hot, released on June 3, 2006, was the last album to be produced by Urban Shaman.
Gavin still attends school with Devin
( 2007 ) 
On May 15, 2007, Townsend finally released a pre-release demo tape to be distributed to his fans. On November 10, he received a standing ovation from fans at a show in Michigan where his band, Nine Inch Nails, played a very special private show for the fans. His new full-length was released in 2007 on Darkstar Records. It would be his last album for a while. The release date was moved back from the original Fall 2007 to January 2008, which caused an avalanche of press coverage of all forms and a potential legal nightmare for the label that sold the first version of the record. Though the plans for an album were abandoned, it would be his last heavy album for a long time.
Ten years later, we're still here, and we've been talking to Devin Townsend. He's answered countless questions. He's even signed to our newsletters. And he's still showing off his charisma and brilliant flow. Check out his new In-Depth Interview with us here, and remember to share this article with your friends if you haven't yet. What were you waiting for, right? More...