 
 = Spanish Hill = 
 
 Spanish Hill is a hill located in the borough of South Waverly , Pennsylvania . The hill is controversial among historians and archaeologists ; opinions regarding the origin of structures found on the site vary from embankments created by early farmers , to the remnants of a Native American village and <unk> , due to the site 's similarity to the description found in the account of Étienne Brûlé of a settlement called Carantouan . Brûlé, as recorded in his memoirs, described a village with strong legends of a mighty walled city and a mysterious cliff at its head.
Colonel Benjamin Brûlé, one of the first Canadians to establish exploratory contact with South America, built in 1848 one of the first canals in the United States. The entrance to the canal was located at the southern end of the English Hill, located at the southeast corner of the field (formerly called Spain Hill ). The Anglo Creek developed from English Hill at some point between 1840 and 1851. It was dug in two sections. For this reason, the "English Hill" is more readily referred to as "French Hill" or "Plains Hill," and the Anglo Creek is often referred to as "Plains Creek."
Colonel Benjamin Brûlé was the commander of the First French Canadian Infantry Regiment during the Civil War. His troops crossed the Plains of Abraham when first encountered the Gros Ventre and traveled along the plains until they encountered the St. Lawrence River in 1858.
"Armed with this information, and also knowing that these entities will not be challenging like the Indians, I put on a costume to go on patrol in the woods at the tail end of the evening. My costume, of a green and white coat, a large and stout-looking French hat and boots, a pistol and a rifle... " (The Standing Rock Reservation, for more information on Colonel Brûlé).
Description of the Historic Site  
The Chaco Canyon site contains a number of archaeological sites. Although it is present in all the maps of the Chaco Map, I have not included in this page all the sites. There is much more to see within the area. You can view some of the archaeological sites on the Chaco Canyon Maps or on Google Earth. There are hundreds of these archaeological sites around the world and you can travel and view some of them on this website or on Google Earth.
The main Chaco Canyon site, located south of Flores, was surveyed and studied by Kevin Polzin, from the University of Arizona in 1996. His work as a geographer and ethnobotanist involved well-developed native cultures in the area. At least two Moche and Oaxacan Mascot Cultures lived in the area, one was involved with the recreation of the Spanish and the other was involved with mineral resources. An Englishman named John Hutchinson - a noted archaeologist - lived in the area and worked with native groups in the 1930s.
On this website, you will find an introduction to the Chaco Canyon area and an extensive map, with views on the surrounding area, to provide you with an overview of the area. It was my goal to build a site that at the same time informs the reader of the land. A little of the research that I did, along with the information from the various maps and the website, I intended to bring the reader up-to-date with the current information about the area and help establish the proper history of the Chaco Canyon to make it accessible to future generations.
The Chaco Canyon Map features 11 of the most interesting archaeological sites around the world. They are organized into 6 collections, each one called the Chaco Ruins of the World (the actual names have been changed for financial reasons). The Chaco Ruins of the World began in 1995 and was first posted on this website on August 1, 2005. The Map contains over 100 sites, a large majority of which are "extensive" or rather "walled" in nature. We see this at the site of Ebbettsville, which is surrounded on the south and east by a giant wall of steep cliffs. There are hundreds of these "magnets" that give a chance to view some of the sites for only a short distance.
Some of the actual locations for the Chaco Ruins of the World are pictured above. There are many small ones, like the town of English Hill, with several buildings, some of them destroyed by French colonists. There is one "sacred" site, Chaco and Roman Cemetery, near Chaco. It is possible to walk around the cemetery for many miles and see the places where the deceased are buried.
We start with Montemayor Ruins, an impressive hill with multiple prominent features.