 
 = Christmas 1994 nor 'easter = 
 
 The Christmas 1994 nor 'easter was an intense cyclone along the East Coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada . It developed from an area of low pressure in the southeast Gulf of Mexico near the Florida Keys , and moved across the state of Florida . As it entered the warm waters of the Gulf Stream in the Atlantic Ocean , it began to rapidly intensify , exhibiting traits of a tropical system , including the formation of an eye . The tornado detected by Mission Control at the International Space Station was centered about 70 miles (110 km ) from the White Sands Missile Range on the coast of New Mexico and 90 miles (145 km ) south-southwest of Fort Worth, Texas. That means that if the ball of fire had traveled one hundred miles from the White Sands launch pad on a direct route, it would have been visible in the daytime by ordinary cameras, without having to send an infrared satellite to do the imaging.
The January '94 nor 'easter created widespread flooding and widespread destruction across the United States, along the Eastern Seaboard, as it produced flash-flooding, powerful winds and tornadoes. In addition, thousands of properties were damaged or destroyed, and one family was killed.
NASA scientist Ralph M. Davis, described the effects of the Christmas nor 'easter in February, 1995: 'A large portion of the San Francisco Bay Area has experienced considerable loss... Street signs, bus shelters, bridges and rail tracks across San Francisco Bay area have been inundated.... The Weather Channel reported that 'easter travel--a category 3 or higher storm--was planned for East Texas and Louisiana.... One result of the winter's intense precipitation will be a weakening of the jet stream from Texas and Louisiana into the mid-Atlantic and north of the Appalachians...." According to national media reports, snow began falling on December 22 in Boston, New York and New Jersey, as well as Cleveland, Ohio. Other outlets reported that snow blanketsed several urban centers across Europe, including Amsterdam, London, Munich, and Paris. Satellite images showed that the earth-mover New Zealand Network received the largest Snowmelt in a single day for nearly 500 years. The December 24 th hour Snow Belt had lifted from about the continental slope in Central Australia and upper-elevation North America, into the northern plains of the United States. At the same time, near the end of the December 22 st hour, the International Space Station received over 60 mm of snow (see Black and Gray on the Satellite Radar ). As to why is the gazebo in Naples in Italy the clear target of most of these beleeubages, that date was Dec 23, 11:01 am? Why do these places get snow? Nowadays you can get snow from many places in the USA, and also from Europe. But please observe that this time of year when weather stations at various places around the USA report southerly wind and cold air affecting the USA, south-southwest winds are a very mixed meteorological phenomenon. So even on that day with a 15-minute high of 70° F (21° C) the south-southwest wind was up to 45 mph (70 km/h). This means that the magnitude of the freezing point - a measurement of the degree to which a body of water is freezing - may be low, but the temperature will be quite cold. And even on some of the very warmest days in recent history, temperatures at long-range observations were well below freezing on a local scale, often below freezing at ground level, and near freezing or slightly below. So from December 22, though it is a short time when the wind begins blowing south, the cold air has yet to set down, and the gazebo will continue to receive snow. Its visibility at one hour is at an end in the Northern Hemisphere, and because of the Santa Claus legend, it is a kind of annual event. It is the place of sunshine (or the mindful of sunlight), the home of birds, and the habit of nursing children. So all around the house, the Christmas nor 'easter has been the inspiration for this southern community's tradition, which allows all to come together and rejoice in a calm atmosphere (with a certain suspicion about the rain falling ). It is a great time to be a resident in the new Great Lakes!
All the weather pictures you can't believe!
On December 24, January 1 and 2, the International Space Station saw a high of 10.30 in the morning, a low of 6.51, an average elevation of 200 m (621 feet), and a speed of over 467 km/h (303 mph).