 
 = Hurricane Felicia ( 2009 ) = 
 
 Hurricane Felicia was the third strongest tropical cyclone of the 2009 Pacific hurricane season , as well as the strongest storm to exist in the eastern Pacific at the time since Hurricane Daniel in 2006 . Forming as a tropical depression on August 3 , the storm supported strong thunderstorm activity and quickly organized . It became a tropical storm over the following day , and subsequently underwent rapid deepening to attain hurricane status . It would persist as a category 2 storm until it was downgraded from the hurricane threshold in the western tropical Pacific Ocean on August 14. As of August 15, the storm's maximum sustained winds were maximum 265 mph (485 km/h) and tropical storm strength.
The list of top hurricane landfalling landfallers since 1792 includes two that occurred in the western Pacific, and two in the eastern Pacific, all from Maria. Hurricane Katrina ( 2005 ) was the fourth strongest hurricane to occur in the western tropical Pacific during the 2004-2007 period, in contrast to the two tropical storm categories it enjoyed in the western tropical Pacific in 2005. As for Maria, it had the strongest wind speed of any tropical cyclone to make landfall in the eastern Pacific since Hurricane Alberto in 2005. Hurricane Isabel ( 2004 ) was the strongest storm to cross the Atlantic basin from the Atlantic coast (in October 2006 ) while Hurricane Andrew (1992 ) and Hurricane Dwayne (1995 ) were strongest Atlantic-bound storms to occur.
To accomplish a landfall in the eastern Pacific, the remnants of Maria must have traveled at least 12° latitude north of 26.4N, moving the minimum southwestward degree eastward enough to become a hurricane as it reached the eastern Pacific. However, though it was unlikely that the storm would make landfall there, hurricane status in the eastern Pacific was assured on August 15, as Maria developed as a small tropical depression off the coast of Puerto Rico. The forecast stated that the storm remained in the eastern Pacific for at least a couple days.
However, after Maria weakened to a category 1 storm and strengthened back to a hurricane on August 21, it became very likely that the storm would rapidly transform back into a tropical storm and strengthen to a category 4 storm by August 24. Since then, it has moved back and forth between a weak storm and a tropical storm, most recently forming as a small tropical depression near the southern coast of Venezuela in August. On August 21, Maria was again a category 2 storm with maximum sustained winds of 155 mph (244 km/h).
The remnants of Maria's first tropical cyclone, a weak storm, once again passed under the southwestern East Coast of the United States near Jamaica on August 27 and then reentered the eastern Atlantic Ocean as an adjacent low-pressure system. Meanwhile, a new low-pressure center was forming off the coast of St. Martin on August 29. The center was derived from a mid-latitude system centered on Antarctica, i.e. its location was about 20° north of 24N. It was soon joined by the remnants of a weakened, tropical storm off the coast of Central America, with maximum sustained winds of 72 mph (120 km/h). The combination of the new low-pressure center and its remnant storm soon was labeled a tropical cyclone, although its colors were not shown. The warnings remained active for any population centers in the path of the remnants of Maria.
Maria's other causes of tropical storm-force winds at the time of landfall were wind shear and instability, which caused the storm to develop into a strong cyclone as well. Since August 22, the storm had a maximum sustained wind speed of 225 mph (370 km/h) and a storm surge of 35 feet (10 m) in the Equatorial Central Pacific, and its first centre of circulation was in the tropical eastern Pacific at 48N.
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.