 
 = Yo @-@ Yo ( Nicola Roberts song ) = 
 
 " Yo @-@ Yo " is a song by British recording artist Nicola Roberts , released as the third and final single from Roberts ' debut solo album Cinderella 's Eyes on 6 January 2012 . Originally , " Yo @-@ Yo " was set to be Roberts ' debut single , but " Beat of My Drum " was selected in its place . " Beat of My Drum " and " Lucky Day " , Roberts ' previous singles , garnered positive comments from critics , but failed to impact commercially .

By the time the ninth single, titled " Chunky ", appeared in early February 2012, the momentum from " Beat of My Drum " had stopped its ascent, and " Yo @-@ Yo " was facing a substantially lower mainstream market. This was due in part to its relative lack of hits and acclaim in the United Kingdom, but mostly due to the fact that Roberts had come under fire on several fronts following his appearance on The Voice in early December 2011. Prior to this, Roberts had received positive criticism for his performance on "The Voice", where he was criticized for an infamous joke that he made about the BBC over their refusal to continue letting him host. When the House of Commons Select Committee on Culture, Media and Sport issued a report regarding The Voice's lackluster performance, particularly for the " Step By Step " section of the show, it found that the judgement of the panel was "wrong on many levels", and criticized The Voice for embracing the " formality and the fact that the contestant is judged by a panel of judges in a set system that is supposed to reflect the UK population's individual preferences, while failing to reflect the collective cultural preferences of the British population".

Reviews of " Chunky " in January 2012 made it clear that it had not received the desired reception, which caused Roberts to call for the 'withdrawal' of the song from any future remasters of the game. In a subsequent update to The Computer Game Music blog from February 4, 2012, it was reported that Roberts had issued the following statement regarding " Chunky ". " I wrote 'Chunky' a long time ago, long before I played a videogame (in 1994). A few years later, I again tried to make my mark on a videogame, this time on Thief: The Dark Project, but it was an open-world game, not a role-playing game. What happened to'Chunky '? Well, no album or video games has really helped it, so it never got its time in the sun."

Over the course of the next few weeks, a number of smaller developments led to controversy surrounding the public response to the release of " Chunky ". As previously stated, all attempts to earn Roberts his rightful "Chunky" win came to naught, and it was deemed the 'only' remaining title of any consequence was 2011's Ludum Dare 32 runner-up Tiny Tina's Assault on Dragon Keep. In the weeks that followed, Roberts came under increasing pressure from fans and pundits for releasing " Chunky" as well as for at least explaining his reasoning behind it. On November 17, the now-retired Duke Nukem Forever video game music director Adam Sessler began making videos about Roberts' music, creating a YouTube channel that has over 21,000 subscribers. However, this prompted rage and even more response from some gamers.

During this time, Roberts had a Twitter account that was set up for private messages and occasional post-release commentary. After fans found out about the private messages via Twitter, the gaming community reacted negatively, seeing it as hypocrisy, since they generally didn't like press coverage of their personal lives.

On December 10, Steve Gaynor posted his opinion of the controversy surrounding "Chunky". " Yesterday, as I watched that " Chunky " video, I thought, Wow, I really have to get that out of my mind. I had my N64 retro games when I was a kid, but I've not played a video game since (obviously, I don't really care about what's happening in the world to Steven Speilberg). Apparently that (I think) video to Sony's VH1 about "Chunky" is actually negative, because Sony's holding a big press conference this evening, and all the assholes in the room are gonna be there singing along to the Song of Chunky. And I think about "Chunky" right now when I think about the Sony PR flub that they threw away by sending out this horrible email. F*** 'em."

Roberts responded with "not sure about the way you approach what I do, but there are pros and cons to being a journalist and a entertainer. With any job, you are asked to present yourself to a public. That is the job.