 
 = Super Mario Land = 
 
 Super Mario Land is a 1989 side @-@ scrolling platform video game , the first in the Super Mario Land series , developed and published by Nintendo as a launch title for their Game Boy handheld game console . In gameplay similar to that of the 1985 Super Mario Bros. , but <unk> for the smaller device 's screen , the player advances Mario to the end of 12 levels by moving to the right and jumping across platforms to avoid enemies and pitfalls . In this game, there were certain levels that were left blank in order to make the levels more challenging, and the player could turn on the gameplay features in order to unlock or perform special moves in the game, as well as launch a Link of Light. Super Mario Land is another classic when it comes to game people play in their lives. [3]

To serve as a introduction to the series, video game magazine Mario Kart 64 was released in Japan on April 1, 1989. It is notable for its gameplay, specifically that the game was meant to give Mario the ability to jump higher and farther by jumping on the momentum and momentum-inducing parts of the ground. If one falls on the screen or in the air, the player has to restart the game. [6] This was a breaking point, since Super Mario Bros. 3 would have been shown with traditional sidescrolling Mario animation, but to show this, the game would have required users to restart the game.

History [ edit ]

Reception [ edit ]

Super Mario Land was well received by critics, and established Super Mario games as being among the most well-received video games of all time. Its re-release by Nintendo in 1991 for Game Boy was praised by several reviews. The official PR for the game claimed that its gameplay was "a triumph for the NES." There were criticisms that the game was poorly designed, lacking elements found in the Mario games, but other reviewers praised its use of plating on its worlds, texture-swapped artwork, and an optimized graphics system that produced levels with higher than usual technical quality. In May 1993, the game was rated "game of the year" by EGM. [7] In November, a bundle titled "Super Mario Land," with Metroid Prime Trilogy, Nintendo Power (an Advance to Nintendo Power magazines), and a Super Mario Bros. 3 poster was released. The same title was also bundled in the February 1994 NES vs. SNES brochure. [8]

The game garnered very high scores and nominations. The game placed third in the "Best of Super Mario World" poll of the Japan Computer Entertainment Awards, for "Favorite Game" in the March 1994 issue. [9]

New Super Mario Bros. [ edit ]

The game would be compared to the best Mario games ever made in a Vanity Fair article by Daniel Brock. The article claims that Super Mario Land would have been ideal for a sequel. It also mentions the Super Mario Land on the NES, and the need for such a game to showcase the significance of the game world. It also claims that "Super Mario Land made people so nervous that they would throw up, even at its most conventional levels."[10] The Mario Land magazine looked back at the game in December 1994, and was very positive, describing its gameplay and wonder.

At E3 1995, after many years of disappointing sales, Shigeru Miyamoto commented that Super Mario Land was the most important game he has ever made.[11] One year later, Miyamoto also addressed the significance of the game, saying that he wishes they had completed the game in time for the Super Nintendo Super Classic Edition.[12] In September 1996, Nintendo announced that a sequel to Super Mario Land was on the way, for a planned release in Japan in 2000.

Development [ edit ]

Super Mario Land's development started with a sketch made by Hiroki Okamoto in 1989.[13] Miyamoto brought Okamoto with him to Mario Land in late 1987,[14] and with the resulting sketch the game's high point of the finished game. Prior to the sprite art that we see in the game, Miyamoto made two sprite sheets of Super Mario Land: a conceptual design and a low polygon one. The artwork concept for the game presented the Mario world as seen by the game's characters (as opposed to the other locations in the game) and its course for which Mario was trying to reach in the first and second levels. The low polygon sketch showed a sub-section of a grid of graphics identical to the final version of the game. An opportunity to bring back the high-polygon backgrounds came about when the start was made; the two sketches were combined and the final design was born. After Miyamoto completed the sprite art, he added the sprites of Mario's friends, Mario Jr.