 
 = Santa @-@ Fe ( Bob Dylan song ) = 
 
 " Santa @-@ Fe " ( sometimes spelled " Santa Fe " or " Santa <unk> " ) is a song that was recorded by Bob Dylan and the Band in the summer or fall of 1967 in the Woodstock area of New York State . It was recorded during the sessions that would in 1975 be released on The Basement Tapes but was not included on that album . These sessions took place in three phases throughout the year , at a trio of houses , and " Santa @-@ Fe " was likely put on tape in the second of these , at a home of some of the Band members , known as Big Pink . This song was originally written by Robert Hunter, and was later written and recorded by the band, with a different name that was created by Dylan to mimic the song that his girlfriend Tina Turner wanted for the 1982 LP Great Expectations, " Me and Bobby McGee ". In an interview on the History Channel program Reality Bites, Dylan said that he was only slightly familiar with the song " Santa @-@ Fe ", adding that he was working on a follow-up version of it.This version was released as a single on September 13, 1967, as a Christmas album as " Santa @-@ Fe & Everybody's Trying to Christmas." It is interesting to note that this song was available on the Jerry Thomas albums, unlike his later Christmas albums like " Bob Dylan's Picks : Christmas ", " Classic Christmas. " and " Christmas in America, " which had each of these albums sold by a large margin.What has actually become of this song? Is it still in circulation? Or have we all been duped into the ridiculous theory that they were all actually recorded and released as a single? This song is almost certainly not in any form (or any song) circulating in any way, shape or form today, despite being known as a Christmas song since 1969. The earliest known example that I could find of " Santa @-@ Fe " was in the game of American football called Monopoly, released in 1968 by Sid Sackson. This game contains many components that mimic those found in The Beatles Christmas albums of 1967 and 1968.At least one variant of this song has appeared in a live performance of " Suite #1" on The Dylan Band's first album, Not In This Lifetime. Here is a 2011 track list of this rendition:Radio Head 2003. This version is provided to me by @radioheaddylan. I listened to the original version of this song on my iPod and it is exactly the same as the original on the vinyl pressing of the album. Nothing that is not present and correct on the standard vinyl edition of this song, nor is there any other sonic difference between the original live version and the live version on this version.