 
 = Battle of Sullivan 's Island = 
 
 The Battle of Sullivan 's Island or the Battle of Fort Sullivan was fought on June 28 , 1776 , during the American Revolutionary War . It took place near Charleston , South Carolina , during the first British attempt to capture the city from American rebels . It is also sometimes referred to as the First Siege of Charleston , owing to a more successful British siege in <unk> . This event was at the same time a popular episode of Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream. Some names for the battle include Sullivan's Side, Battle of St. Joseph, and the Slocum's Side.
It is likely that this battle and the contest to capture Charleston were similar events, although the accounts given vary in detail. The most common accounts of the battle in print reflect a favorable British attitude. During the afternoon of June 28, 1776, William Howe's steamboat (the Paquette ) anchored at Charleston, South Carolina. One operetta attributed to Scottish playwright Edward Gibbon had the brig St. Marys sailing westward toward the New River. During the Battle of Sullivan's Island, the British discovered the dark lines of Union lines on Sullivan's Island. As an attempt to distract the soldiers' attention away from Sullivan's Island, the British issued a halt of their advance toward Charleston. The Queen's Arsenal were making war against the American rebels. A British army officer, Captain Cockburn, led his troops to the island's shore, and the army marched to the Town-house at Sullivan's Island. The British then tried to force their way into Charleston from the South. The colonial militia in the City-council parlor could not stop the British cavalry. The rebels in the City-council were defeated and captured on Sullivan's Island. The day of the battle also marked the beginning of the Second American War, in which the British succeeded in forcing the Americans to surrender, on July 4.
" South Carolina's Murder " by William Merritt Scott (1999).
Indeed the battle on Sullivan's Island and the ensuing siege of Charleston occurred just as the Battle of Fort Sumter began. Shortly after the surrender of Fort Sumter on April 12, 1865, fighting began between the Americans and the South Carolina militiamen. Fort Sumter was the only Confederates' fort to be held on the Atlantic coast after the retreat of the Confederacy. With the north now facing an offensive from the sea, the fortress became a highly significant military operation.
Additionally, the battle of Sullivan's Island was an important moment in the American Civil War, taking place less than ten months before the outbreak of hostilities in the American Civil War. The British had no complete military victory, since they were able to retake Charleston by July 4. The British government was not able to defeat the South Carolina militia, but only halted them. The South Carolina militia were not able to occupy the town, and was able to hold it until July 5.
In the famous poem "The Battle of Sullivan's Island " by William Merritt Scott (1999), there is a mention of British warships who attempted to draw the British forces away from the fort. He also wrote of "two Spanish Spanish trawlers which is reported to be approaching to the fort and launching ships in the harbor of Charleston. Upon the appearance of these vessels, the brave militia of South Carolina had sent out a volley to burn the boats. This first fire apparently " knocked the Spanish boats out of their passage " [ Merritt Scott's " Battle of Sullivan's Island " (1999). His other poem, " The Ransom ", is about the capture of two ships from Spain. These ships were the rumrunner Bahia Blanca and her brother in arms, the Medellin.
King George I and Queen Anne, in their last will and testament, made an act (originally, an Act of Settlement) that the royal revenues should be to go to the Congress of Paris, where they would be put to good use. These last will and testament indicate that the King sent his royal officers and soldiers to battle on the Island of Sullivan's Island with the money for the French establishment. If the King sent an army, what sort of force did he send to fight with the North Carolinians? He certainly sent one regiment or group of troops. This troop was in the numbers of two thousand, but was by no means likely to be able to take Charleston. If an army of the first order of magnitude could be sent, how likely was it to be able to carry out the attack on Sullivan's Island? According to Gen. Hurlbut, in an October 1831 letter to General Smith, a much smaller force of men could have been sent at about the same time as the British.