 
 = Weather buoy = 
 
 Weather buoys are instruments which collect weather and ocean data within the world 's oceans , as well as aid during emergency response to chemical spills , legal proceedings , and engineering design . Moored buoys have been in use since 1951 , while drifting buoys have been used since 1979 . Moored buoys are connected with the ocean bottom using either chains , nylon , or <unk> <unk> .

Environmental restrictions are met by burning other fuels, such as wood or fiber oil.

Boat Shipping [ edit ]

The largest container fleet of the world is the UN Maritime Organization (UNMIO). UNMIO member states have issued navigation and customs certificates to ships which carry goods which are exempt from customs duties, with most of the freight, and which may be in transit or sold. More than 600 million containers have been shipped internationally since the first Suez Canal crossing in 1869, and more than 80 million containers are destined for ports in the U.S. and EU member states.

Cargo aircraft are, roughly, the same size as passenger planes and can carry 80 passengers at 30 kilometers a-long. Cargo aircraft are notoriously difficult to load and unload, and may be subject to delays. Due to the air cargo market, aircraft tend to be cheaper than passenger aircraft, and as such are often the carrier of choice for shipping freight to and from destinations.

Often cargo aircraft are used as recovery vessels or recyclers, transporting up to 1 million tons of debris, and carrying aid, assistance, and instruments to fill such vessels. Logistic transport of bulk cargo is common throughout Europe and some of Asia. While in some cases vehicles may dock at port with the shipping company already there, the cargo may be left on the beach (or in more remote areas) for later collection. Carrying cargo in the form of fishing nets and cargo boats are quite common and employed mostly for recreational and tourist purposes.


Road Transportation [ edit ]

Away from home, the journey between Tokyo and Tokyo Airport is remarkably difficult as it is many kilometers away from roads, though this is not really a problem as the main road in the region, Highway 6, has since a modernization, local expressways such as NH8, NH4, NH9, NH11 and NH1, and specialized highways from each region lead to major cities and transfer points (e.g. via MA 6, MA 9, MA13, MA14, NH3 and NH3E).


In Tokyo, bus service is usually the standard as most major destinations have multiple stopovers. For those looking for a lower-cost, faster or more-efficient journey, check out its city bus network (the "東京都" or "Tokyo City-Marunouchi" network) or inquire to the bus station itself (they are usually located next to some sort of restaurant). By a subway of your choice, there are several routes such as Sakaigahara, Tsujoshiki, Nishikawa, and Sochome that all start or end in Tokyo.


By sea [ edit ]

By rail [ edit ]

The "Western Railway" runs between Kyoto and Osaka with an occasional stopping on the way.

The Tokyo and Osaka lines are just a little under 2 kilometers long each (about two minutes and half-of-a-mile).

Both lines begin in Ueno. Both are built around Osaka and Kyoto, where the landmasses between are the densest and two of the four stations on the Tokyo line are located (Fujiyoshida Station on the Tokyo line and Nagoya on the Osaka line). Shibuya and Minato-ku stations are on both lines, with a road back from Shibuya connecting to Minato-ku in both directions (the train arrives at Shibuya just as the street closes).

At one point in the past, it seemed the Tokyo or Osaka lines would run together, but the commercial relationship between Tohoku Electric and the Japanese Railway took that route (to make a quick trip from Tokyo, a passengers would take a train from Tohoku and a car from Tokyo. Tohoku Electric stopped doing this, and instead supplied a large amount of the many trains on the Osaka line, with over one hundred trains on this line, but it does seem like these trains were never called Ushio to Hachijyo, only Japanese Japanese as the trains came and went via Osaka in Nara, leaving what Tohoku Electric had that they could provide to Hachijyo). Shibuya / Minato-ku Station was switched in 2006 for Ueno Station, but also moved to Ueno for Hachijyo (a 12-minute trip).