 
 = Hi , Infidelity = 
 
 " Hi , Infidelity " is the sixth episode of the third season of the American mystery television series Veronica Mars , and the fiftieth episode overall . Written by John Enbom and directed by Michael Fields , the episode premiered on The CW on November 17 , 2006 . 
 The series depicts the adventures of Veronica Mars ( Kristen Bell ) as she deals with life as a college student while <unk> as a private detective .
Contents show]

Plot

Though for most of the episode, Veronica Mars is struggling to deal with her romantic interest, Philip J. Fry (Jason Bateman), Veronica makes an attempt to help him navigate a complicated job on a U.S. federal trust fund, forcing the young student to come to terms with her own sexuality and trustworthiness.

Before the episode starts, Ilya Yevtushenko (Anne Hathaway) comes into Veronica's office looking for student loans, but upon getting into her office Veronica agrees to let him borrow $5,000 to pay his tuition (though she knows he can't afford it and he promptly gets fired). Later, Veronica takes J.D. to a CVS to get some sodas. When he gets there, she tells him her partner is sleeping with someone else and, at this point, she is confused why he wants to see her while he is working alone, he replies, "But I'll be with you."

Soon, Philip Fry is transferred to two different courses of study, and is paired with Boothby (William Devane) to help his classmate move between different programs. When Veronica finds out that Boothby is married and is expecting his first child, she becomes suspicious of him and also hires a private detective to get closer to Boothby. As a result of her investigation, she finds evidence that Boothby is having an affair with another woman, and they also discover that Boothby's girlfriend has left him, although she suspects he is using his powerful position in the government to protect her. When Annie (Maja Oakley) introduces Philip to her fiancee, Norma (Madeline Kahn), she learns that Norma is actually sleeping with a boy. However, when Philip tracks down Boothby after recovering from his broken femur, Veronica also discovers that Boothby is actually guilty and his work for the government is being paid for by a KGB asset. Unbeknownst to him, Boothby will be impregnated by the KGB asset's teenage daughter, who had travelled to Russia to wed the boy after he was deemed to be a national hero and a member of the Red Army.

In another storyline, Steve and J.D. pick up a pile of junkie paraphernalia from a storeroom in which a Lexus-branded Maserati is buried. After an insistent J.D. offers to pick it up for Veronica, they realize that they are saving it for a thief; having retrieved the items, they run down the hall into the basement in search of the police siren of a burglary. While they are at it, they drop the junk, a loud bang shatters the skylight, and before they know it, it's time to go to jail.

In "Miscellaneous Articles", Veronica is involved in a trolley problem by spending about twenty-five dollars to resolve it using none other than Hercule Poirot, but upon encountering Hispania 839, he accidentally sticks his shotgun in the wrong bank. When the police arrive, they discover Veronica was being audited by the FBI but was not supposed to be apart of the investigation. Instead, Veronica herself is the subject of an investigation into why her husband passed her the money.

After reading that the North Cazadero Police Department has been conducting an active criminal investigation, Veronica decides to hire Detective Clark (Sean Groubert) to accompany her in investigating. It turns out that there were another two men who robbed the bank and were also part of the government's asset-based theft operation, along with one of the men's children, which leads to a search of the Lewis and Clark storehouse. While on the way, she finds a Confederate flag and issues a warning to white supremacists like Bob in the actor's race, leading him to decide to abandon his plan. Then she asks if there is anything that would help with the case, but he's already on his way out. Then one day, Veronica and J.D. pass a church in which a group of Klansmen are meeting. As she attempts to leave, two KKK members point guns at her and grab her, forcing her to flee to a place of safety.

After J.D. takes her back to town, she buys a pocket pistol for himself.