 
 = Polka Party ! = 
 
 Polka Party ! is the fourth studio album by " Weird Al " Yankovic , released in 1986 . The album is the fourth of Yankovic 's to be produced by former The <unk> guitarist Rick <unk> . Recorded between April 1986 and September 1986 , the album was Yankovic 's follow @-@ up to his successful 1985 release , Dare to Be Stupid . The album 's lead single was " Living With a Hernia " , although it was not a hit and did not chart . It was preceded by " The Music Man," a slightly more publicised work. The record was released as a cassette LP in the United States in 1986, without any of Yankovic's original backing vocals, and, in the end, managed to sell less than the single.
The album cover comes from an album entitled :: Home Sweet Home! (1985), a compilation of music tapes Yankovic had made from his home in Beaverton, Oregon in the year 1980. The tape, featuring clips of his shows, was made on 8mm tape in 1982 by Joel Stouffer. Of the audio tape itself, " One Tune At A Time," written by Yankovic, plays through three or four times and " Come On Baby " comes back on the audio tape three times. The set has a total of eighteen discs. The music on this album was intended to be a follow-up to 1971's Come On Over.
Recorded in Beaverton, Oregon, with the help of '38 tapes, backing vocals and a synthesizer by the Smiths' Bernard Tinsley (who also performed some of Yankovic's songs) the songs were made up as part of a field trip to Oregon and Canada in the spring of 1981. Some of the selected tracks are not on the actual record; '39, '41 and '42 (along with some stripped-down versions of the earlier three) are taken from the album, along with more contemporary electronic bits. Each song was produced by Tinsley, who himself had produced four other albums on which Yankovic and Tinsley collaborated ( Move On This '83, Bus Tour '84, Friends '85, The Adventure Of Eric '86).
Soundtracks : Live at the Marathon Studios, 1971.
In response to earlier challenges, Yankovic wrote a lengthy commentary track (in cooperation with "Hercules and Men" co-producer Johnny Ryall) for the film, Live at the Marathon Studios. The commentary provides details about the film and some of its production, including the clever and sometimes confusing use of a MIDI synthesizer and other experimental apparatus. The commentary was subsequently recorded and later shared with the director.
Performed by the Swedish Nils Nilsen (who also sang some of his hits on the "Yankovic -Misch" record), this one-off British set also included previously unreleased material from: Anne-Marie "The Devils" Velder, Timmy Neilson, Roger Smith and Charles Wylam.
Throughout the 80's and 90's, Yankovic did not return to performing live as he had in the past, although he did continue to do some writing for a record collection of one of his works. An adaptation of " Dance in the Garden " (composition by Yankovic and Shlomi Fish) with a folk arrangement by Simon Reynolds was released in 1991 in England and in the United States by another Australian side, Heroes, under the title " Dancing in the Garden ". In 2012, many of the tunes featured on the project appeared on Yankovic's second studio album, Erased from My Body. The limited edition of this set included seven sets of unaired material, each with different renditions of Yankovic's songs.
2001 -  Sound and Vision : The LP
Yankovic has a significant collection of underground electronic material that were created after 1971's Live At The Marathon Studios album. In 2002, Yankovic reunited with "Come On Baby" producer Dave Thomas to form  Sound and Vision (referred to as "A" by the British press).
In October 2001, Yankovic released his first album, Sound and Vision, a collection of 31 acoustic/electronic tracks created using session players and synthesizers. These tracks were intended for a live album. The discs were released on RCA's JumpRag vinyl records label. The album was released in the United Kingdom on 10 May 2002, in the United States and Canada on 3 December 2002 and in Australia on 5 March 2003.
In September 2002, Yankovic released his second record, Sound and Vision 2, adding 21 new tracks to his repertoire of 32 previously released tracks.
In June 2003, Yankovic released his third record, Sound and Vision 3, featuring the same studio musicians and synthesizer as the previous two releases.