 
 = Van Morrison : Too Late to Stop Now = 
 
 Van Morrison : Too Late to Stop Now is a biography of musician Van Morrison , written by Steve Turner . It was first published in 1993 in the United States by Penguin Group , and in Great Britain by Bloomsbury Publishing . Turner first met Van Morrison in 1985 ; he interviewed approximately 40 people that knew the subject in his research for the biography . The book was a best seller and went on to sell millions of copies. Turner has devoted a significant portion of his career to documenting the "Super Music" in Van Morrison's career.
SIDIOUS DESTRUCTION OF PATHAU/COLUMBIA
Steve Turner: The Pathe/Columbia murders in the early 1960s had a lot to do with the song that came out of the Van Morrison sessions that became One Crazy Summer.
Jeffrey Fair (songwriter, 1987–89): I was a bit worried at first, but the most important thing to me was that I had the money and time. There were a lot of junkies around at that time; it didn't matter who they were, or what their drug use was, or what they were doing to their bodies. The stuff that I wanted to do with music had to be true to the music.
Dave Powell (writer, 1984–1985): I would be there as much as anyone else because I thought it was crazy to use a medium that could be used by a couple of crack heads and see what would happen.
Another thing that I had in mind for it, and I brought it up with Glen Campbell (a songwriter and musician) in the book, was, I thought it would be good to use someone who had been in the poorhouse in Belmont and should be somebody who might actually be interested in music but also might be a little bit radical and a little bit crazy. I had to think that it would make more sense that way, that I would send it to another person, a friend, who might actually enjoy the music.
With all of that, I got a letter from a man named David Walsh, who was from Chatsworth in San Francisco, and he did say he would like to come and sing, but I told him it would take a lot of money to bring him, because they were used to him playing in their avant-garde band at the time, the Civil Wars. I didn't have any money in the meantime, but I sent him a million-dollar check, as well as a $1,000 check from my mouth. I thought, "Well, what the hell."
I didn't get a letter back, and one year later, he arrived.
I was with him, and I asked him what happened.
He said, "Well, they're gone, and this is what's happened, just like with the people that were in the island. Everything went quiet. I was in this chalet going over the National Mall in Washington, and I started to see a couple of telephone numbers on my screen and I heard one of them. And it was another man named Morton Albrecht. He was really cutting for me.
I said, "Oh, Jerry, you've got to come see him. He'll be doing a lot of singing!"
So I called up Albrecht at his home and was like, "Listen, I have a really big score to get to get that song you did with the Civil Wars out here, and I want you to come help me out, and you have to give me the money."
And I went to take him to the city at Union Station, where I gave him all the money, and he sang that song. I said, "I don't know how you do it, but you got it right. Why didn't they do anything about this guy?"
Albrecht was like, "Well, they had a lot of guys on trial in San Francisco, and he had to be in court because of the drugs and all, and it was just a constant flow of drugs all over the place, so they just never went and put him in jail. They had him caught in the possession of drugs twice. But the judge gave him a two-year suspended sentence and a jail sentence, and then it turned out that he didn't have a real job, so they sent him to a restaurant in Portland called Manossos, and he was happy there.
In 1966, it started to rain in Washington, so the airplane took off, and the guy's name was Hurrico Valencia, and he took me on a tour, because he had the right to buy tickets, and I didn't have the money. He sang "No Man's Land" with me.