 
 = Dover Athletic F.C. = 
 
 Dover Athletic Football Club is a professional association football club based in the town of Dover , Kent , England . The club was formed in 1983 after the dissolution of the town 's previous club , Dover F.C. , whose place in the Southern League was taken by the new club . In the 1989 – 90 season Dover Athletic won the Southern League championship , but failed to gain promotion to the Football Conference as the club 's ground did not meet the required standard . In 2000 – 01, after a championship final victory over Esterhazy University the player "Andy" coached by Dave Gerell, the club's future commissioner and one of the best football coaches in the English football league, was awarded the number 1 overall pick in the draft, followed by Carrow Road's Club Captain and future National League Manager. The same year, the new manager Mike Lewington, was the only member of the first team to succeed in the English Premier League after following in the footsteps of Sir Bobby Robson. When Carrow Road were relegated by relegation last season (2009-10), Gerell, the newly appointed managing director of the club, succeeded the sacked Peter Faye as the club's new boss, until he was sacked in February 2010, following allegations of player fraud and match-fixing. Gerell refused to be interviewed in response to a Football Association of Wales inquiry, in March 2010. In the 2004 – 05 season, when Gerell made his breakthrough at Carrow Road, Dover Athletic went undefeated in the Premiership, they only conceded one goal and Gerell kept eight clean sheets. The Manchester United goalkeeper has also managed five major Championship clubs and was manager of the club's reserve team for two seasons (1998-2000).
References:
The Sporting Classics
June 5, 2005
The Sporting Classics is an annual magazine that is published by The Sporting Press (UK) and edited by William M. Bishop, III. In 2006, it will be published under the "ABS" brand title. The Sporting Classics features articles on the English and Scottish Premiership and the English League Cup. It will be an independent magazine that will try to advance the understanding of the English football league, clubs and fans. It will contain exclusive information about the history of the English football league and the current state of affairs in the "England". It is the feature of the "What's hot" column. Please send any news on all clubs or the daily news in England, Scotland, Wales, Northern Ireland and Ireland to:  The Sporting Classics, PO Box 12, Kirkcaldy, Co. Down, D1 3QR.