 
 = Air Rhodesia Flight <unk> = 
 
 Air Rhodesia Flight <unk> was a scheduled passenger flight that was shot down by the Zimbabwe People 's Revolutionary Army ( <unk> ) on 3 September 1978 , during the Rhodesian Bush War . The aircraft involved , a Vickers Viscount named the <unk> , was flying the last leg of Air Rhodesia 's regular scheduled service from Victoria Falls to the capital Salisbury , via the resort town of <unk> . From [21]:
Ketanka Airlines, Air Rhodesia No. 10 out of suburban Savo Island. Previous flights had gone over the Northwest Passage. 4
Ketanka Airlines, Air Rhodesia No. 2 out of suburb Noemfoor, KwaZulu-Natal. The last flight was on 9 September. 5
Ketanka Airlines, Air Rhodesia No. 1 out of the town of Gafebour, Marikana. 6
Flight records for Air Rhodesia Flight No. 10 and No. 2 of the mid-to-late 1970s. 7
Photographs of Air Rhodesia Flight 10 and No. 2, looking back at the centre of Gafebour on 9 September 1978. 8
Photographs from an Air Rhodesia service from Victoria Falls to Port Elizabeth, South Africa, on 8 September 1978. 9
A view of the aircraft from the runway of Victoria Falls airport on 8 September 1978. 10
A photograph taken at Victoria Falls airport on 8 September 1978, following a flight to Port Elizabeth. 11
Two photographs taken at Victoria Falls airport on 8 September 1978, at the intersection of an airway leading to the airport and a runway.
Prior to the 1 September 1978, KwaZulu-Natal Air Rhodesia, the airline which later became Air Rhodesia, operated a regular service of black, 3-engine Bf 109 aircraft with all engines being used, comprising a route of 710 miles from Melbourne, to Cape Town and Cape Town International Airport. Air Rhodesia pilots flew the aircraft, which included a number of subsonic engine types, as part of their regular service between Victoria Falls and Cape Town. Air Rhodesia was built into the Rhodesian Government. 12
The history of Air Rhodesia from mid-1970s until its closing on 1 September 1978 is a timeline. 13
Flight 10
The crew of Air Rhodesia Flight 10 (number 23) was an experienced crew, with an average time of 1 hour, 17 minutes over their career on Rhodesian Airlines between 1963 and 1974. 14
The crew reported to the VIC airport on the morning of 20 September.
On arrival at the VIC airport, the pilot of Air Rhodesia Flight 10 asked the flight attendant if the only aircraft available was a CAT 5 (specially modified Cessna 310 with a wing mounted gun on the tailplane. When told that there were two, he told the flight attendant to collect her luggage. The flight attendant explained to the pilot of Air Rhodesia that he wanted to collect his luggage and leave the aircraft. The flight attendant then left her luggage to the pilot of the aircraft and then the pilot of the aircraft started to collect his luggage. 15
According to witnesses, the crew of Air Rhodesia Flight 10 (number 23) did not report any problems to the VIC airport.
According to the statements of the crew members, at least one of the crew members did not possess a staff record for the passengers who had scheduled air-coach trips to the airport and neither did he have any money on his person when he boarded the aircraft.
The pilot of Air Rhodesia Flight 10 did not notify the crew of the air-coach services to be provided.
According to the account of the crew of the aircraft, the flight attendant did not provide the customary handover of luggage to the crew at the end of the flight. On arrival at the VIC airport, the pilot of Air Rhodesia Flight 10 (number 23) had about 60 passengers aboard the aircraft. According to the flight attendant, the pilot of Air Rhodesia Flight 10 (number 23) collected his luggage and he did not return the order to collect the passengers' luggage.
The crew members on the flight came down from the aircraft to the ground landing area at about 7:40 AM. When they reached the flight area, they found that a telephone call had been placed for flight directors to ensure that all aircraft at the airport were now operational. The crew of Air Rhodesia (number 23) did not join the operating crew of the aircraft.
On arrival at the VIC airport, the pilot of Air Rhodesia Flight 10 (number 23) admitted to the aircraft crew that the pilot of the Air Rhodesia flight had not returned to the flight-deck with his luggage, as had been reported by the flight attendant.