 
 = June 1941 uprising in eastern Herzegovina = 
 
 In June 1941 , Serbs in eastern Herzegovina rebelled against the authorities of the Independent State of Croatia ( Croatian : <unk> <unk> <unk> , NDH ) , an Axis puppet state established during World War II on the territory of the defeated Kingdom of Yugoslavia . As the NDH imposed its authority , members of the fascist Ustaše ruling party began a campaign of persecution against Serbs throughout the country .
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/D.Kosak
, Serbs in eastern Herzegovina rebelled against the authorities of the Independent State of Croatia (, ), an Axis puppet state established during World War II on the territory of the defeated Kingdom of Yugoslavia. As the imposing its authority, members of the ruling party began a campaign of persecution against Serbs throughout the country. After Croatia's defeat in World War II, hundreds of thousands of Serbs fled to Austria, forming the present-day State of Serbia. The first mayor of Belgrade, George Belajkovic, became the first elected president of the new country, succeeding the severely unpopular Serb governor Aleksandar Vučić.
( (Source: Wrocław Trumpki - wikipedia )
8 February 1941, The Times,'NKVD Chief Surrenders to All Towns Even Outside Bessarabia.'
In the city of Tizi Okecz, the NKVD chief Karoly Pavlovskij surrendered to Count Novikov, the count of Bessarabia, and handed over to him the place where the "regions' political prisons" were situated.
The Gestapo official, Kurchatov, one of the principal organizers of the American-British bombardment of Bessarabia in 1942, was sentenced to fifteen years imprisonment and lives in the Praga prison in Bessarabia.
(Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Irkut_Kurchatov )
28 February 1941, The Times,'Official admits Bessarabia unit and military are indistinguishable.'
A Polish NKVD official admitted to the German magazine Der Spiegel that the territorial units of Poland, Bessarabia, or the various regional spheres of government were all indistinguishable, and that it was impossible to draw distinctions between them.
(Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Der_Spiegel )
2 March 1941, The Times, 'Stalin's plans to fight Bolsheviks in the East came to light.'
In his first annual report to the Central Committee on Feb. 14, Stalin approved large-scale military operations in the East to fight off the terrorist Czarist government in its sixteenth year of exile.
"Starting in the winter 1941/2, with plans to attack three fronts simultaneously, we shall, for the first time, carry out a major offensive action on a scale not seen since the Sino-Soviet war.
But let me be frank," said Stalin in his annual report to the Central Committee of the CPSU on Feb. 14.
"The present regime in Bessarabia has always despised Bolsheviks.
The mass and inter-ethnic peasant armies of Bessarabia will as a rule fight in their own colors. To compel this government to fight on the side of the Russian 'White Terror' is unrealistic."
4 March 1941, The Times,'Politically Correct: From a caricature of a Nazi conspirator to a well-known Communist,' by Anthony Foreman.
T oday [March 4, 1941], a tale is being told by a Russian foreigner. His name is Vladimir Yakovlev. He is a young colonel, whose father was a high-ranking member of the Imperial staff and played a crucial part in the Imperial German high command in the period when the Reich began its advance on the Soviet Union.
He is now the second-in-command of a small German garrison at Bessarabia. His superior, a colonel in the National Guard, is also the chief of the urban partisan activities in that district, and his official title is chief of staff. He is also a full-time soldier in the militia unit called the Bessarabian Guards, a nationalist ultra-patriotic force that controls vast tracts of Bessarabia.
He has never heard of either Reichsfuehrer SS-Adolf Hitler, SS-Otto Hess or Reichsfuehrer SS-Hermann Goering. But, Yakovlev says, "I know several things about them."
(Source: http://www.newsweek.com/140365/dossier_00.