 
 = M @-@ 47 ( Michigan highway ) = 
 
 M @-@ 47 is a north – south state trunkline highway in the US state of Michigan . It runs near Saginaw and Midland in the Tri @-@ Cities area of the Lower Peninsula . The highway runs through suburban and agricultural areas to connect the two cities with the airport in the area . The <unk> section of M @-@ 47 runs along a freeway to the terminus at US Highway 10 ( US 10 ) . This is where new entrances to the Transcontinental and Cascades Routes come from. That means that it becomes an intermediate highway. The same thing happens in Quebec and British Columbia, where the highway links the popular destinations such as Vancouver, Calgary and Kelowna in the Vancouver sub-region.
Those two historical and aboriginal landscapes also characterize the areas south of the Transcontinental Route from the Altamont Pass. The region south of I-80 was named after an aboriginal person, Star, who lived here in 1825. In 1869, the US federal government gave the land to the Placer Mining Company. This company also published the first US census in the region, in 1879.
Also in 1879, the census was published by the Bureau of Indian Affairs and the Indian Head Quarries, on US highway 10. This was when the US Congress and the governor of California signed a treaty with the Placer Indians, and granted them land on I-80. In some cases this land was left to the Placer Indians and there was heavy hunting with dogs and dogs killed large numbers of cattle and livestock, and a lot of these cattle were killed in the wild. It is important to note that it is wrong to say that the Placer Indians were non-white until the early 20th century. They were "negro" (or "wooten") "native" (or "Nahuatl") people who were established before the Spanish arrived. Also they were natives of the US before the 16th century, they lived in tribes like the Jemez, the Náhuatl, the Q'eqchi (we), the Cheyenne and the Oneida. Furthermore, the same Indian head quarries publish a census, often, such as on US10, and the Placer Indian now represents what happened in the US, as well as many Native American tribes along the eastern seaboard, during a time when the US states were still part of the British Empire.
The route from I-80 in the US state of Michigan to the city of Windsor in Ontario in Canada is called the National Highway. An intregrity section connects Flint, the Canadian city which has a population of 9,398, with Windsor. From 2005 to 2013, the toll on this highway was $16.
It is the first-known Interstate highway in the United States. The Route I-80 was a priority project for the US government in 1956, after, in 1972, the federal government and the Ontario government signed a treaty with the Placer Indians, in the hopes of opening the road, along with a few rivers to one of Canada's two largest Indigenous communities, the Innu people, located just to the north of Windsor. I-80 is the only one of the eight US Interstate highways built, the other being the Franklin+Nash Bridge, and the first part of the Interstate Eisenhower Expressway.
First published in the Canadian National Geographic magazine in November 2014.