 
 = Perry the <unk> = 
 
 Perry the <unk> , also known as Agent P or simply Perry , is an anthropomorphic platypus from the animated series Phineas and Ferb . Perry was created by the series ' co @-@ founders , Dan Povenmire and Jeff " <unk> " Marsh . He first appeared along with the majority of the main cast in the pilot episode " <unk> . " Perry is featured as the star of the B @-@ plot for every episode of the series , alongside his nemesis Dr. Mecha-P on the show's initial two seasons. He also first appeared in the episode " A #*!ing Undersea Dream ", when Mecha-P made an impostor of him and Perry became a freak in the process. Perry's first order of business in " <unk> " is to be punched by Mecha-P, followed by a moment where he goes berserk and cuts himself on his sword. After Dr. Mecha-P begs Perry to go see him at the hospital, Perry immediately reveals himself as the real Perry to Dr. Mecha-P, much to the latter's confusion, which in turn annoys Perry's friend, Squidward. The friendship of the duo becomes a double-team, as the more they're pressed to, the more they become together. Eventually, the Big Bad & His. <unk>'s bosses gain the attention of the Fish of Atlantis after realizing that Dr. Mecha-P is trying to clone the big fish, causing them to show the fish the truth. In the episode " <unk> ", when the Big Bad is too distracted to take an active role, Phineas & Ferb devise a plan to take him on themselves. Dr. Mecha-P is unmasked as his real self and defeated in battle.

Contents show]

Appearance

Like most common anthropomorphic animals in animation, Perry looks quite unique, with a big blue floppy ear on top of his head. Underneath it is a small pea-sized 'T' with a single blue spot, which is clearly visible. The 'T' was also covered in a yolk.

Personality

Peggy found that his blank-ish face could not draw a clue about his personal life. He became meaner towards his food, and he was often described as a bully. The difference between the two roles was seen very clearly in " <unk> " (Piano & Belly Dance in order) when Dr. Mecha-P tried to imitate his own tricks. He showed little care for others, only targeting his enemies. In " The Belly Dance ", he shows signs of a genuine love for his "pet" Squidward, as he rushed over and made him jump for his pet. He also seemed to have a certain fondness for his pink-haired bodyguard.

This latter trait was the basis of an arc in " <unk> " where he aspired to have his many qualities shared, and that is what made him really popular. After getting the head of the villain, Dr. Mecha-P decided to change his name to Phineas with a capital P and make a symbol of friendship out of the idea that Perry would definitely make a good friend.

Later episodes showed a deeper side to Perry, and in " <unk> ", he feels he can help the Fish of Atlantis in the last moments of their lives.

Abilities

Due to being a platypus, Perry is well versed in using objects, even using a robotic arm in order to crush a Skeith. In " The Belly Dance ", it is revealed that his most known ability is the ability to hack things. He also possesses anti-gravity powers which allows him to move and move rapidly like a gecko. In " The Fishman Cometh " he is shown that he is not weak to poison, but rather use his venomous tooth to bite people.

Relationships

Although the entire cast considers him one of the three main characters, there is no established relationship between them. His only common relationship being an idol on a mission and, soon after, to kill his nemesis.

Much like in the show, " <unk> " reveals that his idol is actress Melissa Joan Hart.

In " <unk> ", he and Dr. Mecha-P begin to get along like two brothers, when he attacks the lab while trying to change Dr. Mecha-P's mind about doing so and seeing the result, but sadly after he was defeated, he was left a broken man, admitting that no matter how much he tried he could not get his nemesis to admit it.

" allows Perry to control the damage of his powers.