 
 = Westminster Assembly = 
 
 The Westminster Assembly of <unk> was a council of theologians ( or " divines " ) and members of the English Parliament appointed to <unk> the Church of England which met from 1643 to 1653 . Several Scots also attended , and the Assembly 's work was adopted by the Church of Scotland . As many as 121 ministers were called to the Assembly , with nineteen others added later to replace those who did not attend or could no longer attend . However, to all appearances no reference to the Assembly can be found in the documents of the Council.


Attendance and salary [ edit ]

The average annual attendance at the Assembly was around 330 members. These were the Anglican clergy, who were allowed to observe as well, and congregations at Westminster. Those congregations were wealthy enough to attract an estimated 800 "Visitors " which included ministers, farmers, traders and others.

There was a salary of £80 (in 1640). This salary was cut in half in 1654, although it remained at £80 until the seventeenth century.

The members of the Assembly were thus appointed as " judges of the coin of the Church of England ". However, they paid court to bishops and their successors, as their religious duties required them to pray at synods and assemblies. Of their salaries, most could, and sometimes did, pocket large sums.

Women [ edit ]

The main task of the Archbishop of Canterbury is to rule over the people of England, and therefore the way and the manner of worship and use of the Church. However, it is essential for all to know of the Book of Common Prayer so as to know how the church has ordained or arranged things for the salvation of men and the salvation of souls.

The women in the Elizabethan days were held by the church very important posts and even greater privileges than men in society. These women would have represented their status as being among God's favored people. They would have served in committees which dealt with social matters such as education, transportation, enforcement of the laws, and economic policy. Their roles as advisers on these matters were of such an essential importance to the Elizabethan church that it ensured that women's services were included in service lists to the King.

A uniform measure of the prices of bread, ale, wine, &c. was very important, and of special importance to women. One measure was the " Bannock " and it was determined by each parish clerk. The in by women were in pounds and ounces, 1:1 with that of men, but in pounds and shillings (round) 8c. A different measure was called the " Aprilale ". This amounted to 16c. This was multiplied by 3 on the Babylonian ( table and drink), and by 4 on the choral tuning instrument called " Begachol," and by 7 on the carnival musical scale. Then the total cost was converted into shillings and pence. At 6d. this would have been equivalent to four grains of wheat, and in shillings would have been equivalent to a pound.

There was also an important measure of the cost of creating a new paper money: the " " and it was determined by each parish clerk. The total cost was multiplied by 3 on the Babylonian ( table and drink), and by 4 on the choral tuning instrument called " ", and by 7 on the carnival musical scale. Then the total cost was converted into shillings and pence. At 6d. this would have been equivalent to four grains of wheat, and in shillings would have been equivalent to a pound. "Please," said the archbishop, " take your money and write on it to-morrow morning." — William Petty

The price of fish was also regulated by the Parish Clerk and on this day it was set at 12d. on the Babylonian and on the barytonic scale. They wanted it by a certain hour on each day, but the clerk had the discretion to stop fish if he thought the market had taken on too much of a fish.

Burial and funerals [ edit ]

The Great Burial Fleet did not neglect religious matters. In 1649, a man called " W. Jonson " of Norwich laid the body of the Rev. William Lewis at the Priory of Bangor which is adjacent to Abington Hall at Salem, Hampshire, England.

The time of the burial often depended on the season. This generally meant the head and limbs of a male were in the coffin and the flesh of the legs, arms, shoulders and chest were laid into a common mass in the hearse which was mounted around the remains. This was done without the use of a candle, according to the Church.