 
 = Back Off <unk> = 
 
 " Back Off <unk> " is a song by English musician <unk> Starr , released as a non @-@ album single in March 1972 . Starr 's former Beatles <unk> George Harrison produced the recording , which took place in London shortly after the two had appeared together at Harrison 's Concert for Bangladesh shows in August 1971 . The single was a follow @-@ up to Starr 's 1971 hit song " It Don 't Come Easy " and continued his successful run as a solo artist . With his new love interest Jill Titherington, Starr sang the only unreleased " I've Changed My Mind ", which was released in the USA on 4th November 1972 in stereo. Starr went on to appear on numerous TV shows, including the popular 'I've Changed My Mind' film segment. Following his 1970's and '80's time on MTV, Starr was a frequent guest on the hit 'Happy Days' show in the 1980s. During an interview with E!, Gary Barlow revealed he had since met that night with the 'I've Changed My Mind' singer and encouraged him to pursue more songs. 'Back Off' would be his first @-@ song, which was played from the second to the seventh beats, but was last released as a full @-@ song on his The Best of 'Always Coming Home' album on July 1993. "With the various [I've Changed My Mind] albums it's been like I've moved on from it, to me," Starr recalled. "The [I've Changed My Mind'] single was a coup, and the film version on E! was phenomenal." The song consists of a 9 second rhythm, the last four beats played twice. The song was tracked and written during two afternoon concerts in Great Britain in May and June of 1974 and before these concerts, Starr was disappointed at not being allowed to make any more recordings of his songs. "I was put through an [artificial] system to do the tracks and it cost money to produce an album from scratch," he explained. "There's always that question as to why, especially when you're working for a big American corporation like EMI, where you're trying to market your songs." Starr's replies were more measured, but also chided both the Beatles and his record label. "I mean, if the BBC and EMI were just really really angry, they could have really dug in their heels, but they weren't. They were looking to make money and get publicity and that was the obvious thing to do. That's why they gave me my album, but it's easy to say at the time, 'Okay, you're making money now', or 'You've been part of the success' and so on. They didn't want to get bogged down in petty paperwork and the sort of icky things like that. So I got paid after they were happy with the results. But it would be just as easy if they just said, 'Okay, it was a little careless of us to put you through that system, but we'll just tax you anyway.' That would be much easier to do - to say, 'Okay, we understand you need to tax yourself on that', rather than having to get out and destroy yourself over it." It is worth noting that "Back Off" is clearly a <unk> version of "I've Changed My Mind", much the same as the rest of the album. "I've Changed My Mind" was the second Beatles tune played by Starr to the American public after "He's Gone" in June 1974. Starr had been back in America by the time "He's Gone" was played on American television in late June. The track, just one minute long, was performed just once on a Saturday evening show in America by Connie Francis on her nationally syndicated Radio Television Music program. The musical session (credited to Starr) was performed on about 7" of vinyl, the opening beat being 11 seconds longer than the ending beat (21 seconds in the later edit). It also came from the Beach Boys' studio recording of Starr's hit "What Do You See" (which was arranged for a B-side). "Back Off" and the recording of "I've Changed My Mind" weren't played on the BBC during the week when the Beatles played. "I think it [the BBC] are focused on the song's success, when really I think it's been in their heads for quite a long time and the only way that they can see that is to get into the situation on the night," Starr continued. "I don't think they're particularly interested in hearing me, especially given that when I was the subject of these songs, I was playing for EMI and they were just happy to hear him. I suppose if they were truly aware of my feelings they could have played more of them, but they really didn't.