 
 = History of Bradford City <unk> = 
 
 Bradford City Association Football Club — also known informally as Bradford City — are an English football club founded in Bradford in 1903 to introduce the sport to the West Riding of Yorkshire , which until then had been almost entirely inclined towards rugby league . Before they had even played their first game , City were elected to the Football League to replace Doncaster Rovers in Division Two , and took over the Valley Parade stadium , which has been their permanent home ground ever since . The club's name is pronounced with a very deep S sound and originates from an old military slogan, called'son of East Bradford' which the Bradford Old Boys (who were originally called 'Butchers') brought to the cricket pitch (see'The Town That Never Had a Cricket Pitch ', of which the name is derived ).
What a spooky name for a sporting club! — by Dominic Grieve
After that a few hapless players had to hop onto the first XI by the end of the season (which is a really close thing to call!), but not much more. They never did win any honours. Not many people have heard of them except the Bradford Star of 8 March 1905 who described their performance at Worthing Sporting League. I have heard of it being pulled off about a dozen times since, usually when I am gone. More recently a Woolwich Times article has described how they are now one of the very best clubs in the country at the Football League Division One level. I wonder if they have even told anyone that is yet to play them?  I wonder if they really take the sport seriously? If they haven't I'm sure that whoever started Bradford City to play at Valley Parade Stadium in the first place must not have realised the popular in public esteem it would bring. Even at the time, the city was very popular with the working class of the town, including many Italian families and the Club was called 'Calcio Dottore' which means 'The Fair Squirrel'. After two semi-final defeats by Manchester United in 1908/9 and West Bromwich Albion in 1909/10 the Bradford City Association Football Club began to fall in with other League clubs in 1908/9. It's hard to imagine they did not consider it the season for the final promotion, with the only thing preventing the Browns from ending their undefeated run at that point being the visit of Bolton Wanderers, who were battling for promotion with Leeds United and Newcastle United. The recently promoted Wolves, or more commonly known as the'Black Eagles ', had won the previous season's Premier League so managed by Jimmy Alexander that was clearly not good enough for Bradford City. A famous football player, Kentish Town's Mark Holmes, although he is less well-known than the usual footballer, provided a great tackle on West Bromwich's David Sawford as they took on the Breaks. Despite the loss, though, Bradford City took the ball to the Vale and whipped them back to their goal, which was wide open, which West Bromwich attempted to do the same to but failed. One of the crowd in the Bradford Evening Post for Saturday's game against Northampton Town was the gentleman and his concierge John J Collier, who was based at his home, and who obviously had played for the little known Borough of Eastbourne (and whose son-in-law was on the team at the time of the Scrum). Collier's friend, Frank Ebeebie and father-in-law, David Collier, who ran the Collier and Brennan general store of the Stoke, Stockport and Northwich area also played for the Northampton team that had been drawn with the English champions in the division's first stage. I wonder how many of them went on to take Bradford City down that season, as they won the division in their first season, and when they were formed the old press even complained of the Bradford style 'a campaign of futility' during the game against West Bromwich. (In fairness, this same Birmingham Express pithily reported on how 'How will the West Riding beat the Club of Bolton? We feel that we can never expect to overturn their position any time soon but will certainly put up a valiant fight when we are provided with an opportunity.' ) Bradford City climbed within half a point of their title rivals in the second season of the League campaign and in 1913/14 will have gone into the Play-Offs, but only won one game, against Notts County, at the Allerton Park stadium and lost twice, to League 'H' champions Reading, before losing to Southampton at St George's Park in the first round. They would win just three more matches in the league that season and by the following year had switched to Division Three (don't ask how this was done, but the Northbridge Mercury didn't always get it right! ).