 
 = Tropical Storm Domoina = 
 
 Severe Tropical Storm Domoina in 1984 caused 100 year floods in South Africa and record rainfall in Swaziland . The fourth named storm of the season , Domoina developed on January 16 off the northeast coast of Madagascar . With a ridge to the north , the storm tracked generally westward and later southwestward . On January 21 , Domoina struck eastern Madagascar , the third storm in six weeks to affect the nation ; collectively , the storms caused 42 deaths and $ 25 million in damage ( 1984 USD ) . So far this year, Tropic Storm Juan ravaged several African countries ( January 22-23 ). By early February, Tropical Storm Jorge formed off the coast of Puerto Rico.  The storm, which caused crippling flash flooding, has claimed over 100 lives, leaving another 1,500 homeless, destroying thousands of buildings, leaving hundreds of thousands more without power and clean water, and causing severe damage to beaches and wildlife habitat.
Severe Tropical Storm Antonio in 1997 The first tropical storm of the year, Antonio formed in the Western Atlantic Ocean near the Falkland Islands. The storm, which moved northwestward, also became the first hurricane in January since 1950. Tropical Storm Irene, the other major hurricane of the year, hit the Azores and the Netherlands ( December 25 – 26 ).
Strong Alyssa, 2009 
Severe Tropical Storm Alyssa, 2011
It was predicted that Alyssa would impact the New England coast in the New York-New Jersey region at least as early as January 12, 2011, after the westerly jet stream dropped off and a massive low pressure system began to form in the vicinity of Puerto Rico ( January 12-15 ). After the depression formed, Alyssa quickly expanded eastward, becoming an island-wide cyclone. The storm, whose winds were estimated at up to 150 mph at landfall, cut power to an estimated 21,000 homes, causing more than 3 million customers in New York City to lose power ( April 4-6 ). As of March 4, 2011, Hurricane Irene, which was believed to be linked to the storm's development, remained at very high intensity, and is the third of this year to strike New England. It, too, created a major storm surge across New Jersey and New York, significantly strengthening the existing storm.
September 2011.
Competition for Northern Hemisphere control the weather is almost a sure thing in 2010, as seen in Hurricane Irene's failure to impact much of New England as a hurricane, and the long period of mostly snowfall that followed in September. An El Niño or La Niña could have a major impact on the hurricane season as well as Europe's weather, although these were the only possibilities with that El Niño brewing for the period of the hurricane season (September-October, 2011), and another, subtler event (such as the stalled, Sandy-like 2012 winter or a La Nina ) would give way to a particularly favorable one that could have an even greater impact (April-September, 2012). A strong SST, on the other hand, could spell trouble.
Namibia and Seychelles are both affected by strong El Niño that appears to be influencing the hurricane season ( June-October, 2011 ) by spurring the development of Cyclone Naderex to become the first tropical cyclone in the Southern Hemisphere's Atlantic Ocean since 1989. These strong El Niño conditions are expected to help these the coast states of western South Africa, Mozambique, and Zimbabwe are all affected by strong El Niño that appears to be influencing the hurricane season ( November-February, 2011 ) by spurring the development of Cyclone Naderex to become the first tropical cyclone in the Southern Hemisphere's Atlantic Ocean since 1989. These strong El Niño conditions are expected to help these the coast states of western South Africa, Mozambique, and Zimbabwe adapt to a more difficult year ahead, while a La Niña is expected to encourage widespread droughts, intense rain events, and increased food prices, continuing the development of four years of steadily rising food prices that has hit Africa's poorest hardest, as well as slashing basic commodities like wheat and cotton, with unintended consequences in food security.
NASA Earth Observatory image by Jesse Allen, using data from the Land Atmosphere Near real-time Capability for EOS (LANCE) with modeling by Ted Scambos and Jeff Masters, using MODIS data from the Land Atmosphere Near real-time Capability for EOS (LANCE) with modeling by Ted Scambos and Jeff Masters, using MODIS data from the Land Atmosphere Near real-time Capability for EOS (LANCE) with modeling by Ted Scambos and Jeff Masters, using MODIS data from the Land Atmosphere Near real-time Capability for EOS (LANCE) with modeling by Ted Scambos and Jeff Masters. Caption by Mike Carlowicz.