 
 = First Battle of Maryang San = 
 
 The First Battle of Maryang San ( 3 – 8 October 1951 ) , also known as the Defensive Battle of <unk> ( Chinese : <unk> ; pinyin : <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> ) , was fought during the Korean War between United Nations ( UN ) forces — primarily Australian and British — and the Chinese communist People 's Volunteer Army . The fighting occurred during a limited UN offensive by US I Corps , codenamed Operation Commando . The battle began with a short 'combat test' by Australian forces on 20 October 1951. The purpose of the test was to verify the safety of both the radar systems and methods of fire; the effects of which were to be incorporated into the Japanese atomic weapons that were also to be delivered by UN forces.
Commando's radar system consisted of a series of four wire antennas that could be installed on a standing or standing-support base, a bipod for the operator, and a panel containing the targeting information, hand controls, and set (AT-2) radios for the operator and the radio to be used for the ARPANET. The U.S. used KA-44 radar, but no other nations had any radar similar to that at the time.
The operators of Commando moved to positions to the north and south of the battle front. The first casualty at Maryang San was Lieutenant-Colonel J.P. Carr, an Australian, who was killed while protecting his unit from an enemy fire at between 4 and 5:00 p.m. (see above).
The Battle of Maryang San resulted in the recapture of the Town of Maryang, and the loss of the Imperial Chinese Army's three Nanjing Commandos, G.W. Deves, C.C.G. Arthur and G.B. McWhirter. The Japanese casualties were less severe, although ten Chinese soldiers were killed at the Battle of Maryang San, nine at the Battle of Ohmin, one at the Battle of Nakil Lake, and seven at the Battle of Khasan.
A heroic Canadian soldier, Christopher C. Hird, was killed by a mortar shell during the Battle of Maryang San. Shortly after the Battle, Brigadier General Morton Chapin, then Chief of Defence Staff, asked Lieutenant-General W.A. Butler, Commander, UK, to respond to the matter of Hird's death, but Butler told him that any question from the general should be deferred until Colonel Ward had taken over responsibility for the operation. In his response to Chapin, Butler expressed regret over the loss of Hird and asked that Hird's life be spared.
Canadian Lieutenant-General Morton Chapin, who became the Chief of Defence Staff, was frustrated that the task of defending the Island should remain with UN forces at a time when the Australians needed training in sea, air, and land operations. After initial discussions, Chapin wrote in his reply that if at all possible, the Chinese should be admitted to the UN, but given that a UN ground force was at hand in Northeast Asia, he asked Colonel Ward to proceed with the operation of Training Station Teensborough (TST ). Chapin asked Ward for three days to be available, but Ward could not take three days to get to Teensborough and General Chapin ordered him to be sent immediately.
Ward was appointed the Chief of Defence Staff for Australia on 21 March 1952. In May, he wrote Chapin asking that a platoon of UN troops be assembled at a designated location and to move with a minimum of delay to Teensborough. Ward asked him to be assured that " the three days I have set aside are not taken up at your own peril".
In July 1953, Colonel Ward assigned Capt. Fred Johnston and Lieutenant-Colonel T.F. Somerville to KSM(A). Somerville was under the command of Captain John G. Hodgson, Captain and commander of the 40th Tank Battalion, and would act as the platoon's section commander. John Johnston was assigned to the 30th Infantry Regiment, TSM, where he became a platoon leader. Somerville was placed under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel John Hughes, who was to become a platoon leader.
Late on 6 July 1953, Colonel Ward ordered General Kwiatkowski to call up the UN troops at Teensborough, an action that was publicly celebrated in Australia. The only direct contact between the two sides until 2 October 1953 was over a radio report concerning the death of General Kusche. In accordance with his training in Operation Supremacy, Lieutenant-Colonel John Gibson, Major-General Herbert Inch, and Lieutenant-General Wallace Hamilton were authorised to lead troops to the Island.
By 3 October 1953, Colonel Ward was ready to receive, train, and equip the US troops.