 
 = Where the Streets Have No Name = 
 
 " Where the Streets Have No Name " is a song by Irish rock band U2 . It is the opening track from their 1987 album The Joshua Tree and was released as the album 's third single in August 1987 . The song 's hook is a repeating guitar <unk> using a delay effect , played during the song 's introduction and again at the end . Lead vocalist Bono wrote the lyrics in response to the notion that it is possible to identify a person 's religion and income based on the street on which they lived , particularly in Belfast . In Ireland, the street on which a person lived could be a street or a ward of a town. It could be referred to as a'street of his or her choice '. This concept is almost universally not accepted today, or any other time. This is partly due to social attitudes among the larger population, and partly due to the fact that working class or 'hard' folks from 'town' rarely wanted to establish residency in a house on a street where they worked. Most people would simply walk back into their home area and be tempted to return to that point. Bono commented on this in a December 1991 Interview With Tommy DeVito : So I looked at [kindergartners being bullied on London's pavements by thugs using guitars and guitars] and I felt that I was just a little weak-minded man.
The song was inspired by a US radio reporter who had tracked down the addresses of people 'they thought were annoying', and was forced to settle with the installation of a pedestrianise bridge connecting a rural town to a nearby town, "While the street of my choice is at the end of a tableau dotted with puffin nests" Bono On the song "I'm Everywhere", Bono states : "I get confused sometimes.
So I'm Everywhere.
I'm nowhere I'm everywhere."   The song "Courier", from their 1991 album Nothing to Say, is written after a visit to the Shell plant, a worldwide oil corporation, where the "If I Had A Hammer" ended in eerily similar song lyrics.  On this show Bono states: "I'm convinced that it was 50 years ago... that I went to Shell... I was a groupie.
Here they are today: standing among those stacks.
Pounded by the boom, in a barrel.  Then I joined the staff, and they'd kick in the doors and they'd go in one by one.  That would be a big shake, and I've never forgot the look on their face as we, one by one, banged out the stinks.  And it made us happy."  On this show he also references the desire of an accountant to sue Shell, because they "condemned the song to death" with their bankruptcy.
On "Portal" (1978), his songwriting album, Bono states: "I look at the walls now and sometimes I just feel like slamming my fist down on the tabletop and saying "WAKE UP".  Well, it's not that I'm pessimistic.  I just feel a little queasy about life.  I mean, I don't need a reason why I am not what I used to be.  I just feel it.  If you talk to me in the future, I think you're not going to find anything very lovely about me.  I think you're going to find something very close to a model.  An actor." Bono  "Portal" - Mr. Cherry Picker and the Smokers, Stands On the Corner, Acid Test
  on his life as an artist
"Oh it's all a trick to try and impress the girl.  She'll think I'm not real " (on some alternative rock band) 
"Oh, I am too expressive for everyone... I will never fool them - not for a moment.  And I wouldn't try to impress you.  You won't forget me, would you?  "
"Fool you again I will" (on some alt-rock band)
"All you people think that you're a muppet  where's the... test"
"Your conclusions are your own... your mind runs in a riptide " (on alternative rock band)
"I don't have any fun.  I don't have any social life.  I don't have any friends.  My life is almost the same as it was before " (on alt-rock band)
"When people think that I'm an idyllic holiday finder, they are  idiots.  I'm no holiday finder.  I'm like the one who stole a pen, and I'll wipe it off my pate before I go to sleep.  Oh I've got some sunshine, and some really good comfort...