 
 = Stanley Price Weir = 
 
 Brigadier General Stanley Price Weir , DSO , <unk> , JP ( 23 April 1866 – 14 November 1944 ) was a public servant and Australian Army officer . During World War I , he commanded the 10th Battalion of the Australian Imperial Force ( AIF ) during the landing at Anzac Cove and the subsequent Gallipoli Campaign , and during the Battles of Pozières and Mouquet Farm in France . He served as the Commanding Officer of the Australian Expeditionary Force during the Battle of Zoubey Ridge, and later was a major general in the First Australian Corps (AFC) before being promoted to Lieutenant General in December 1918.  
Born in Sydney, NSW, he enlisted in the Australian Army in May 1875, and was promoted to the rank of Brigadier General in August 1881, and by December 1884 had been promoted to the rank of Colonel. He served on a number of senior military staff roles, including: Commander of a battalion of the Australian Expeditionary Force, Commander of the Australian Naval Troop Training Command, a chief of staff in the Australian Army, and chief of staff to the Second General Headquarters, under other senior officers ( see K.S.W.'s online entry on Weir ( Andrew  , 21 September 2010 ) ).
It is not known whether Weir ever commanded a Canadian unit, but he was arguably the commander of the 1st Canadian Infantry Regiment, which served in the First and Second Canadian Corps under his command.  
Among his roles, he commanded a group of Australian Army divisions stationed at Bougainville, in southern France, as of 17 November 1918. He also commandeered the British Boer Transport Company, which was used to ferry supplies to the Boer Army. In addition to these duties, he also served as a military police officer, stationed at Red Cross Hostels. 
War John-Paul Stevens, DSO, <unk>, JP, was the first Director of the D.A.L.S. (Defense Acquisition and Logistics Services) Department, of which he was the Secretary from 1941-1952.  In July 2002, Stevens was appointed as the Director of the Department of Defence (DOD), of which he was then the Secretary. His duties included:
That the Secretary and the D.A.L.S. Departments adhere to ( 1 ) Defense Orders 2-6-4 and that all contracts which refer to a Department or a contract amounting to, or totalling, less than $20,000 are terminated in the manner provided for in paragraph (1) of the decision of the Secretary under the contracting restrictions against post-sale prices, that the Secretary will make an annual report to the Congress, on the management of the Department of Defence, and to the private sector, that he will cause any defense contracts of the Department to be awarded to the companies whose technology is most advanced and for the purpose of the longest-range air-borne communications, and that any Defense Contract (a) for an acquisition in the first year after the date of enactment of this Act or (b) with an acquisition amount in excess of $20,000 shall be cancelled in the manner provided for in paragraph (3), that any Defense Contract (a) for an acquisition in the first year after the date of enactment of this Act or (b) with an acquisition amount in excess of $20,000 shall be made only for the purpose of implementing, to the maximum extent practicable, an agreed upon range of mutually agreed upon points of presence in the security area of the United States and the High-Tailed Eagle region of Europe, and that the Secretary and the Director will immediately cause a list of such contracts to be prepared and will provide a copy of the report to the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the minority Leader of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and such lists shall be made available to the congressional defense committees.
Post-invasion and post-civilian terrorism should be distinguished. Entire nations such as Australia, Canada, the United Kingdom, the Republic of Korea, Malaysia, Singapore, the United States, Vietnam and other countries would have advanced communications and technology today if they hadn't suffered huge levels of terrorist attacks. The difference is that they didn't.
Not only did all of these countries enter into an international treaty to implement the "no surprise" rule, but the U.S. and Australia likewise signed up to that international agreement which provided for the diplomatic and military assistance that Japan was requested to provide in Korea, Southeast Asia and in the North Pacific, with Australia participating at the international level.   The Japanese stayed for more than a decade, including during World War II.