 
 = 1981 European Cup Final = 
 
 The 1981 European Cup Final was an association football match between Liverpool of England and Real Madrid of Spain on 27 May 1981 at the <unk> des <unk> , Paris , France . It was the final match of the 1980 – 81 season of Europe 's premier cup competition , the European Cup . Liverpool were appearing in their third final , after two appearances in 1977 and 1978 . Real Madrid were playing in their fourth European final, after three European Cups in 1976, 1978 and 1979. The match ended in a draw but there was also mutual respect between the two sides, even though Liverpool had won the 1978 cup in two extra-time games. 
 Pellegrini, in his press conference, agreed to extend the period between the first and second qualifying rounds of the UEFA Euro. Just at the end of May, when the two qualifying rounds began, the UEFA president, J. Florentino Pérez, had promised that the existing limits on the prize money of the competition would be lifted. As a result, Liverpool's criteria were lowered from the first round to the second round (in the second qualifying round the new criteria applied); since the next team in line after Liverpool would have to beat Real Madrid (or Dinamo Zagreb, or PSV Eindhoven, for that matter) to stay in, Liverpool had to win their two remaining qualifying games. This is the basis of UEFA's Champions League playoff system: where the next team in line on the road has to win its two remaining qualifying games, rather than having to win all of their remaining games. 
 As the season progressed, Real Madrid set the example by winning three out of their first five matches, going on to win their second round tie against Liverpool, as well as the seventh round tie against Ajax, at a stadium named after the club. Liverpool were also regarded as the favourites for the first knockout tie between the first and second qualifying rounds, at home to Eindhoven. Liverpool lost that tie, but Real Madrid won the second tie, with Ronaldinho's goal as the match ended 1-0 in Real's favour. The major change in Liverpool's qualification criteria was to make all the games played outside the first qualifying round count as qualifying matches. The first match of Liverpool's 2015-16 season was the Eredivisie cup final against Antwerp, which they lost 2-0 (after a draw in the first qualifying round). 
THE EOF: ~ ~ January 7th, 2015. Liverpool are playing Sevilla at Anfield. Anfield is, of course, now the main football stadium in England. There is no longer, though, the big television screen at the front of the south stand; there is now a screen at the back, near the steps to the behind-wall, that can display text relating to the result of the match and the place of each player in the league table. Of course, the television coverage would never be as good as it is now, nor would it provide any match preview. But it did lead to interesting, though not particularly exciting, newspaper reports. 
English football and Liverpool – just like other Premier League clubs, in both the Champions League and Europa League – are a sport with almost no English media. Liverpool have their own daily newspaper (the 'official' Liverpool Echo) and since 1980 every Sunday paper in England has carried Liverpool's. Just between the date of the show's launch, and the first time they played a game of football in 2006, a vast amount of English media has taken the leap to covering the club, if not the Liverpool Premier League. Liverpool, therefore, are perfectly suited to be treated as an independent 'British' club, able to focus their media coverage around events and events events, for the media that the club wishes to cover. Thus, even though Liverpool were very much European football's English development team, it was in the first years of the Premier League, as a result of the clubs being able to take advantage of their media structure, that their continued English success began. Liverpool played no European competition in the first five years of the Premier League; since then they have travelled to the Champions League, Europa League and UEFA Cup, with only the FA Cup a pause for this tournament. This has meant that in 2012-13 and 2013-14, a significant number of their club members and staff had been based abroad – for example, Tim Sherwood's four years at Tottenham, and the end of Roy Hodgson's reign as England manager. UEFA's Champions League and Europa League form has helped both Liverpool and English football into the modern era.