 
 = Edward Creutz = 
 
 Edward Creutz ( January 23 , 1913 – June 27 , 2009 ) was an American physicist who worked on the Manhattan Project at the Metallurgical Laboratory and the Los Alamos Laboratory during World War II . After the war he became a professor of physics at the Carnegie Institute of Technology . He was Vice President of Research at General Atomics from 1955 to 1970 . He published over 65 papers on <unk> , physics , mathematics , metallurgy and science policy , and held 18 patents relating to nuclear energy .
While Creutz made huge contributions to nuclear science and technology, the organization he founded, Argonne National Laboratory, was not much of a concern to him. He was the founder and principal secretary of the laboratory in 1953. He left in 1954 to accept a job at Los Alamos in Manhattan.
The introduction of "light" to his work in metallurgy did not make him popular among his colleagues. One of the criticisms of his work was that it was too lightweight. He ignored that criticism.
In order to preserve the secrecy surrounding the atom, he faced the criticism that his work had been done in excess of an order of magnitude. For instance, in June 1953, he stated that the introduction of "light" into the description of the atom would have improved the performance of all existing calculations of the atom. ( This is an important debate that has not been discussed in any article that I have done on this subject, but should be discussed.)
He did not acknowledge, however, the fact that his work had dramatically increased the possible number of scenarios for the actual atom. He merely said that they would be "slightly unusual." (Indeed, another article in  Longranger  made this claim.)
He made it a point to draw attention to this fact. As an example, the opposite of what he said had, in fact, been observed in the synthesis of  (two)  Bose-Einstein condensates using a heavy atom, and the nanomaterials, also made using such a condenser. The reverse seemed to be true, even though these two experiments are within the realm of possibility;  they would require the extremely large values of energy given in part for the ultra-heavy atoms. ( This was illustrated by a discussion in a three-part article in  Science News  in April 1977 about a bomb test conducted in 1956 that simulated a detonation of a 500 kiloton bomb. Another article in  Science News  in 1980 reported that the sustained bombardment could lead to a new discovery involving the anomalous properties of inorganic materials.)
When someone with a reputation for being passionate and excited about a subject tells a story in a newspaper, in a magazine or in television in which he is the hero, it tends to have an air of credible veracity. Afterward, when most have the impression that the story is true, but have no memory of what happened, the story is little remembered and not generally looked upon as credible. For the following reasons, I believe it is plausible that this is what occurred with the way in which Creutz's story was relayed by W. S. Merideth and Erwin Schrödinger, scientists who later became famous physicists as a result of their work in theoretical physics (and by a long series of personal errors).
In this article, I'm going to relate not only the details of the story but the way in which this story was passed down to me by  a former senior colleague. It was in 1988 and W. S. Merideth was something of a celebrity at the time, as a physicist and a former director of the Vienna University of Technology, Austria. 
By the way, I am not going to write in the style of a leading scientist. I will leave that to  H. E.  Horkheimer, "The Psychological Structure of Scientific Revolutions: The Case of the Atom", Transactions of the Agrarian Science Society, p. 25. The style I'll adopt is still fairly close to Horkheimer's but will, for the most part, use simpler language.
NOTE:  I will not be repeating a fairly lengthy list of statements I will be re-writing, in this first article,  to shorten the word count. However, after  the initial material, you will see a number of names from this famous group that I will later re-use in other articles as new examples.
Horkheimer's statements:
In explaining why his laboratory used the heavy atom, he said, "This would have done nothing to upset the theory. The lightest and heaviest elements were more likely to be found together. The theory had worked even without them, by a combination of chance and well-calculated experiments.