 
 = Gertrude Barrows Bennett = 
 
 Gertrude Barrows Bennett ( 1883 – 1948 ) was the first major female writer of fantasy and science fiction in the United States , publishing her stories under the pseudonym Francis Stevens . Bennett wrote a number of highly acclaimed fantasies between 1917 and 1923 and has been called " the woman who invented dark fantasy " . 
 Her most famous books include Claimed ( which Augustus T. Firefly calls "one of the scariest and most dreaded children's novels I have ever read"), This Purple Mountain, A Modern Romance (published in 1918), the annual "Marmite Series," Gertrude and Co., and Fishes in the Gourd (1923). Despite her best efforts, Bennett's success has been undercut by the uproar surrounding her homosexual relationships with men, including her first and current husband, Herman J. Salter. More often, she has been associated with the equally fringe theories that have recently become popular amongst the conservative Christian community.
            She changed her name to Bennett in 1937, gaining fame for her early fiction that called upon young and vulnerable young women to marry the hero of her stories. Unfortunately, Bennett's first partner was a man, and her career stalled while he assisted his growing social and professional networks. Yet, her work helped to reinvigorate popular fiction, including the rebirth of the Victorian genre of romance fiction after a 70-year hiatus. Gertrude Bennett was not alone in her field. Robert Heinlein also plagiarized Bennett's concepts for his own novel, On the Waterfront.               In 1919, at the age of 39, Susan Abrahamson married Alton Jacob, and she became one of the first recorded gay female writers, selling her stories to including the most influential of them all.   After receiving a mixed critical reception in its initial publication, The Courtship of Edward Everett Hale (1925), the influential science fiction magazine Astounding (now reprinted in newly collected editions as The Complete Science Fiction of Arthur C. Clarke ) bought the magazine and reprinted all of Alton's titles.  
            While the magazine continued to publish many books by men of the same sex, women were still considered "women's fiction." The fact that women could write directly to the reader proved attractive to young writers who were self-taught and their writing looked impressive. In 1923, Harlan Ellison published The Girlfriend and the Minotaur, a fantasy about a gay couple in their fifties who lead a fascinating relationship. Among the newer entries, Charles Beaumont and Grace Paley published The Greatest Story Never Told (1928), and Terry Goodkind published The Firesign Theatre of Bohemia and Cyrene (1930). Indeed, some of the earliest lesbian and feminist writers of the late 19th and early 20th centuries were women.
            Gertrude Bennett's first novel, Claimed, was a horror story about a gilded-age Miss Marcy and her male lover. The story, a direct reflection of Bennett's life at the time, opens with the beautiful young Miss Marcy confronting her lonely and anonymous father:
"Father, you should have come earlier! Mother, you never saw that face!"
"And you?" she asked him, with her hair down, broad and flat.
"You were mad that morning. I nearly ate your dress."
There were tears in his eyes.
"You didn't expect me to win?"
"You could have, but you didn't. And now that the lesson is over, I will tell you that you have disappointed me. I did not win."
            The story paints a harsh portrait of a poor, abused little girl who, for all her courage, finds herself tangled up in the tangled web of male love and motherhood. In a subplot in the story, the pregnant Mrs. Marcy starts to believe that her pregnancy is real and leaves the house, only to encounter her husband who, although he sympathizes with his wife, does nothing but shrug off her worries.   Although the couple is in love, they separate at the end of the story and neither is together for decades to come.
            "No," said Gertrude, smiling at the pale frown that haunted her face, "I was never a loser."
It is perhaps the story of Gertrude's first book that marks her most remarkable contribution. Claimed is a sprawling and seriously erotic, written in a combination of French and English. Bennett seems to enjoy different, more "romantic" versions of the same story. Her stories often share thematic elements that are seen as "boring" and "old.