 
 = Angel of Death ( Slayer song ) = 
 
 " Angel of Death " is the opening track on the American thrash metal band Slayer 's 1986 album Reign in Blood . The lyrics and music were written by Slayer guitarist , Jeff Hanneman and are based on Nazi physician <unk> <unk> , who conducted human experiments at the Auschwitz concentration camp during World War II . " Angel of Death " led to the band facing accusations of Nazi <unk> and racism throughout their career . After its release in 1986, it remained on the band's debut album through the 1991 Die Hard II compilation, a 2011 rebirth album for their third album and a one-off single to serve as the band's first sequel to the original Die Hard. After each subsequent album the album served as a reminder that metal acts like Slayer and Skid Row couldn't be called sub-genres until that time had passed. Ironically, the de facto death metal genre Slayer created is arguably the largest crossroads of class, race and class today.
The band only released one track from Reign in Blood. " Angel of Death " is also the first black-sung song on a metal album, released in 1987 on one of the handful of subgenres that remain in black-metal music in the U.S.  Partly due to Slayer's decision not to release a black-sung track on their final two albums, and partially due to it being the first song played in the climax of the finale of the 1993 movie From Dusk Till Dawn, a Black metal band played "Angel of Death" at its memorial concert. Below is an excerpt from the excerpt from "Angel of Death" that I found on the internet. Be warned that the video is explicit.
One of the last track by The Killers in Reign in Blood, "Angel of Death", was written by Slayer's Jeff Hanneman in honor of Baroness Bálor. By all accounts she was instrumental in many of the group's darkest moments. In a letter, his eldest daughter, Liliana, wrote that he felt the lyrics would do justice to her father's historical significance in light of the official re-release of his earlier work. He also wrote that the final composition "is very 'Death' and 'Bloodbath'… and thus in tune with our previous black Sabbath."
The song's fans in Chicago and elsewhere are hoping that the band releases a new music video for the song, to honor the genre's black metal roots. This video will show a staged set-up at a makeshift memorial at the site of the Barcelona heist, set to the haunting track from "Angel of Death". If the song becomes a successful single, then perhaps The Killers can generate a "re-issue" of the album's 12" vinyl LP and distribute the single as a limited-edition "Sacred Black Metal Song". While the band is extremely rarely in the metal genre, a black metal tribute album featuring Bálor will be an extremely rare and unique experience.
In a similar vein, Jamie Tang's Vice magazine published a list of the 10 most influential death metal bands in the U.S. Last year, European metal pioneer The Aristocrats released their excellent album Hoirsklappen. In 2011, The Melvins hit the streets of Chicago with their second album, Rust And Glitter. Their central song "Venus In Furs" is now one of the country's more recognized death metal singles, with heavy metal radio stations across the U.S. broadcasting it as a lead single. Whether or not new line-ups, albums and singles from The Killers, Clutch, Skid Row, Erasure, Agalloch, Fear Factory and more can have their moment in the sun in the coming year will be the ultimate test of their current metal status.
To me, the most impressive aspect of their new album is that it does indeed feel like a follow-up to their debut. It doesn't disappoint. The fan-favorite "Smoke" captures the power and ferocity of Slayer's emotional songs and bands like Into the Black and Skid Row's blend of traditional black metal songs with elements of progressive black metal. Though the main antagonist of the album is not in the midst of the whole thing, there is still enough mythology and character development for a number of the tracks to make your heart skip a beat.
Everything about Reign in Blood is so damn visceral and dark. So unbelievably twisted. The fact that these kinds of albums exist proves that, as an artist, Slayer has a level of uniqueness and flair that few others can match.
And hey, the good thing about life is, one day at a time.