 
 = Richard Cresswell = 
 
 Richard Paul Wesley Cresswell ( born 20 September 1977 ) is an English semi @-@ professional footballer who plays for Northern Counties East League Premier Division club <unk> Albion . He primarily plays as a striker but can also play as a winger . 
 Cresswell started his career with York City in their youth system , making his first team debut in a Second Division match in 1996 . Cresswell then spent a number of seasons with Arsenal United before being released. Cresswell joined Portsmouth after a trial and soon settled at the club. Cresswell signed for Anglian Super League side <unk> Eithorne in 2009 and is currently on loan at Anglian Super League side Cincy United. 
Richard Cresswell   may have scored his first football goal against Lincoln City in a pre-season friendly back in May of 2013. Since being released by Eithorne in January of 2014, he has had several loan moves back and forth. He now lives in the United States and plays with Verona (2-3-4-1) and local side Odeurra of Ettrick.  
Cresswell plays to an attacking style and has shown his attacking skills in various friendlies and reserve games for Anglian Super League team Odeurra. Cresswell has had some good seasons with Eithorne and on loan has moved up the pecking order of goal scoring strikers in the league. Cresswell scored 12 goals with Eithorne this season. He also has had a number of appearances in the Anglian league in his career. He spent time on loan at Eithorne and has also appeared at Verona, Girona, Gwent Dragons and Torquay United. Cresswell is a 30-year old full-back who played in all of his 13 season of senior football. Cresswell was released by Eithorne after just over two years of service and was part of the squad that went to France. Cresswell was most recently injured playing for Cardiff City at home to Liverpool. During the season, Cresswell made three appearances for Anglian side Birmingham City (Soccer & Rugby Union). After being released by Odeurra in July, Cresswell was then picked up by Hull City on a short-term contract, also in the Football League. In November of this year, Cresswell signed for San Jose Earthquakes on a short-term contract and will likely spend a season there with the MLS club before moving back to the Premier League. On January 15, 2015, Cresswell suffered a knee injury during his playing time and only played eight times this season for Hull City before returning to England with a long-term injury.
Signed by Albion, he moved to Fulham in January of 2017. Cresswell joined the Fulham Academy from Odeurra in 2010 and was an All-England Young Player and is both U20 and U21 England player of the year at that time. He began his career with Leyton Orient and left the club after just a year. Cresswell joined Southampton in February of 2011 and signed on a permanent deal. Cresswell left at the end of the 2014/15 season in search of more playing time and a place in England's senior team. He found his form again this season and even made his first start for Fulham, he played only 10 minutes of the season, but has made a number of substitute appearances. Cresswell will be 29 next season and if he is not replacing a suspended Enner Valencia, he may not be the type of player who gets many regular starts in the Premier League. Cresswell has the number 71 on his Chelsea shirt and on his Oxfordshire home's entry page shows his contacts to third division side Unsigned, who he currently plays for. He is also a member of Hammersmith United's team of the year, which contains Paul Pogba, Jack Rodwell, Thomas Ince and John Ruddy. Cresswell is currently contracted to Fulham until the end of 2017, when he could join Chelsea on a free transfer. His final year of contract runs out in July 2019.