 
 = Key ( basketball ) = 
 
 The key , officially referred to as the free throw lane by the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) and the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) , the restricted area by the international governing body FIBA , and colloquially as the lane or the paint , is an area on a basketball court underneath the basket bounded by the <unk> , the foul line and other lines which are known as <unk> lines , that are usually painted ( although <unk> on some courts with painted <unk> ) . The restricted area is the area that can only be played if there are no man-of-the-match fouls and players are not behind the arc. However, there are instances where playing is allowed in the restricted area. The player in the restricted area is typically the side player (or the neutral spot on the court). The side player (or the neutral spot) always has the option of fouling his opponent ( only if there are no fouls or man-of-the-match fouls), but he also may foul himself. See Also: restricted area (in the NBA ), a restricted area is an area where the player may play without fouling. To "lock down" the restricted area is to effectively "lock down" the court in order to allow for players and refs to work together to adjudicate game play and avoid a potential replay. Stifling Refs Because games have a significant number of fouls, some referees seek to keep fouls to a minimum to prevent the number of refs (s) on the court from exceeding the capacity of the court. Below are some of the player, game, referee, and arena positions in which the foul limit has been implemented and how it might affect the outcome of a game. In other words, these positions are very similar to those you'll see when you're a fan watching a game. Note that there are no instances of requiring that refs become foul-prone. Most of these positions have the referee facing the foul area. Only three positions have both the ref facing the foul area and the player or player in the restricted area. Each of these positions are very similar to one another except for the fact that the ref faces the foul area.

Referents

Referents can be the official scorer, the linesman, or a game official, though usually the only two refs in the league are the game official and a couple other refs.

Leading Refs Referents have direct responsibility for determining the outcome of any particular game. Usually, refs do this by counting shots. A player who is fouled is eliminated from the game and both teams are awarded two free throws. However, once the foul is called, refs must review all shots to determine whether a player on either team was fouled.

Ending Refs Often, a game ends with a "B" or "C" call. The number of free throws each team is awarded depends on how the game ended (e.g., a true foul by a player who is credited with a basket, a player who is credited with a turnover, or an injury) or if the game should be "whipped" to an overtime period. All three options (whipping, true foul, and injury) are based on whether the game should be wrapped up and need not be noted as they were the result of the original game. The conditions that dictate whether a game is "whipped" are: If the game is a contest, the kick-off time is called. If the game is a contest, but the last shot or winning basket is not made, the last shot is made, and the game ends in overtime. If the game is not a contest, but the last shot or winning basket is not made, the last shot is not made, and the game ends in time-out.

Use of the Track/Road Rules During the Stanley Cup Playoffs, three members of the referee's crew observe the game from outside of the arena. During this aspect of the game, each referee's level of responsibility is important and includes rules violations, calls which may result in a man-of-the-match foul, and refs' interaction with players. During games when the officials are not on the ice, the Referee may request to use the Track/Road Rules during the course of a game. Track/Road Rules are not required during postseason games, though during game endings or overtime they are a must. Track/Road Rules are seen throughout the season. A game official may not use Track/Road Rules during a game when "pacing out" (the area in which a game has ended or in which a draw has taken place).

At the Feet of Referees Referees must be positioned as close to the spot where a player ( or a ball ) touches the floor as they can.