 
 = 130th Engineer Brigade ( United States ) = 
 
 The 130th Engineer Brigade is an engineer brigade of the United States Army based in Schofield Barracks , Hawaii . It provides engineering support to the United States Army Pacific command . The brigade specializes in bridging operations . 
 The brigade traces its lineage back to an engineering regiment active during World War II , but the brigade itself did not see action until the mid @-@ 1990s . By the mid 1990s, the US Army was exploring, if not actually constructing, basic bridge stations which would enable the Army to support bridge systems. A substantial portion of this work was completed.
This is where it gets a little weird. The Federation of Pacific Coast States had at the time a similar view of bridges and found the practice of parachuting crews into battlefields - being (perhaps) completely clueless about the nature of bridges, the surroundings, and the how an operating bridge from a time and place presumably used it with success in full coordination and foresight would have functioned. According to the Federation of Pacific Coast States:
(L)CSQUI for its own purposes is the most advanced railroad bridge system to date in the world. It is to serve the Pacific continent with one of the longest established railways in the world. With a length of two hundred miles, it is ten times longer than the New York Central Railroad. As the only United States form of steel railway bridge, It has been estimated to be capable of carrying four hundred cars of materials at a minimum.
An essentially familiar logotype for a railway bridge is seen in image at right.
The Federation of Pacific Coast States of course was attempting to point out the glaring flaws in the image - all missing the riveted runways as seen on what appear to be abandoned bridges on Wikipedia:
For its part, the 130th Regiment seems to have disagreed with the Federation of Pacific Coast States, even though its position appears to be that the above photo was, in fact, both normal and required to operate a bridge in combat. It claims that:
"With a maximum cross-sectional width of 13 feet, the Seaboard Steel Railway's (SSP) Seaboard Bridge stretches the boundaries of various jurisdictions, including Manhattan, Brooklyn, and Queens."
Seaboard has not yet developed into the railroad it should have. The image below appears to be a cable-supported bridge with a truss without beams.
The above image will make the company look like a wacky little company, right? Nope, of course not. The statement that Seaboard is "the only United States form of steel railway bridge" likely came from an unattributed source - possibly a meeting of the engineers from both ships in question.
That's when things got a little strange. The Federation of Pacific Coast States says:
(L)CSQUI is currently a 97 year old organization. The price tag is enormous and includes a full license to operate. A central focus for this division is bringing manufacturing to the Pacific.
And the 130th Regiment is the only one in the United States to utilize CSQI!
Before I bring the U.S. Army-only railway to the forefront, I need to point out that the "Chinese-style" Seaboard Bridge, while certainly present in other parts of the world, doesn't appear to have been used in combat anywhere yet. I am not aware of a single photo of a Chinese-style Seaboard Bridge in combat. The bridge appears to have existed in mock up form, presumably in the early 20th century, before being acquired by CSQI. The actual bridge exists in the "Chinese-style" configuration to a point, but remains insufficient for actual purpose. This does not at all lessen the important functional contribution to the Pacific as a "joint" effort between US military forces and civilian engineers - though, you know, do remember that World War II took place during the Cold War.
The Federation of Pacific Coast States calls CSQI a "97 year old organization." That would seem to imply that the exact address on the bridge's registration documents is approximately 97 years old, as the same organization claimed that the New York Central was a company named "Seaboard Steel." Considering that New York Central was the name of a company only incorporated in 1919, it is fairly remarkable to me that this instance of CSQI's claim has been accepted as fact by the US Government.
The Federation of Pacific Coast States says CSQI was built in 1953. That would seem to make the 1958 Seaboard Bridge to be the one. And that's only the Seaboard bridge, so you would assume that the bridge underneath the undated one was installed in 1952 - one year before the Seaboard Bridge.