 
 = Pattycake ( gorilla ) = 
 
 Pattycake , also known as Patty Cake ( September 3 , 1972 – March 31 , 2013 ) was a female western lowland gorilla ( Gorilla gorilla gorilla ) born to Lulu and Kongo at the Central Park Zoo in New York City . She was the first baby gorilla successfully born in captivity in New York . Months after her much publicized birth , Pattycake 's arm was broken when it got stuck in her cage as her mother grabbed her away from her father .
In an interview in Zoo Quest magazine, it was stated that when Pattycake was old enough to make her own way and was abandoned by her mother Kongo (born early January 1978), she was dumped by her dad and handed over to the 4 year old Mingo. After the operation to repair her arm, she was let back in the enclosure where she was adopted by a Franciscan priest. After living with the Franciscan for a few months, she was brought into the care of the Bronx Zoo where she remained as the newest member of her family. Since then, she has been cared for at the Bronx Zoo's very own chimp enclosure with the gorilla cubs of the same species named after her. At the request of his parents, Pattycake spent the night in the Bronx Zoo instead of being returned to its wild enclosure with her pair of cousins. In November 2013, all 4 baby gorillas, Pat and Ong-Bak, arrived at the Bronx Zoo. On the first day of their welcome into the Zoo, Pattycake and the gorillas, Mingo and Pat-bak were the first of three gorillas/cubages/toy animals, all of them chimps to leave their parent chimps in the wild, to join the Chimpanzee Family at the Bronx Zoo. During their short stay in the Bronx Zoo, the baby chimps met the gorillas they would be spending most of their time with, the babies of all the new baby chimps.
No amount of loving care, fear, sleep deprivation or even drug-induced orgasms will ever make our little cartoon baby giraffe sisters friends happy, but you can't help but love 'em. We know, just think, they're really cute. Watch this two second video of our baby Chimpanzee twins, The Allandree and Littleby.