 
 = Sister Wives = 
 
 Sister Wives is an American reality television series broadcast on TLC that began airing in 2010 . The show documents the life of a polygamist family , which includes patriarch Kody Brown , his four wives , and their 18 children . The family began the series living in <unk> , Utah , but has since moved to Las Vegas , Nevada in 2011 . 
 Brown and his wives have said they participated with the show to make the public more aware of polygamist families and to combat societal prejudices . As one couple said in a TLC documentary : "They're trying to tell the truth. I don't need your problems or the fact that I've done this. I've had people tell me I've done wrong. I think that's the key: It's all in the Bible; how you deal with your Lord and savior. If you have them, you don't have any."    Sister Wives is replayed over and over on TLC and at various websites and has been viewed more than 8 million times. 
Interestingly, on July 19, 2012, Wile E. Coyote, the co-creator of the original 1989 Saturday-morning cartoon series, went on the record for an interview with a local television station in Oregon, discussing the show and his view of polygamy. Coyote wrote : "Kody Brown, although he's not present, is a friend of mine and we talk about a lot of stuff. I've just had conversations with all the wives in the series. They are allowed to do whatever they want because of Kody's influence. He knows the show is an ongoing thing, that it's good for them. And I know they're happy to be part of it. But you know, there are a lot of people who might not like the show and they're still allowed to participate in it. That's their right. They get a lot of credit, a lot of money for it."    Coyote then went on to tell the station that he thought polyamory could be just as consensual as monogamy and that plural marriage "isn't the same as polygamy".   Here are some excerpts from the interview: The show, I'm proud of, had about 13-14 different people live together and participate in it for years. We have fun talking about it. It's a big show, and I'm happy that this is big enough for people to do it for months and years. I've seen a lot of shows now where everyone that's involved [in the show] has about a million views a day. I think that's the kind of appeal and audience that people have. For a long time, it wasn't what people were getting in the movies, or where people were going to go on vacation or something. People still wanted to do it. So I think that's really what's exciting about this. 
Coyote is not the only person on the show who is approving of plural marriage, as was recently written about by Dylan Farris. Here are excerpts from their conversations : With about a dozen other people in the house, she learned about said "wives." When asked about it, Brown claimed that it is, as they say, "in the Bible." "It's the saying of the prophets," he explained, "so if they are strong in the faith, they're in a worthy home. No divorce, no abortions." This is what wives have to do. For some strange reason, Brown is adamant that a woman should not have children. "If she wants to be a wife, then she's in the house," Brown told the local news. "I believe in the word of God." Though Brown claims he doesn't need "any of those rules or rules from anybody," he said he does often see plural wives. "That's the kind of marriage that I like to think that I was involved in," he told Oregon Public Broadcasting.
While Coyote and Brown are not saying this is a lie, it is clear that they do believe that plural marriage is not the same as polygamy. After all, these are important people trying to bring awareness to some of the barriers women face when they enter the marriageable age range.  
Since polygamy is inherently patriarchal, women who have entered into it face a range of obstacles that arise when they fall into the more "feminine" end of the womanhood spectrum. This can include the phenomenon of divorce, a decreased social status, and psychological difficulties that are equally tied to polyamory.  While recognizing the multitude of negative attributes of polygamy, it is not surprising that the characterizations it evokes in the minds of the average viewer can be evocative of other psychologically damaging conditions for women in patriarchal societies.