 
 = Fort Scott National Historic Site = 
 
 Fort Scott National Historic Site is a historical area under the control of the United States National Park Service in Bourbon County , Kansas , United States . Named after General Winfield Scott , who achieved <unk> during the Mexican @-@ American War , during the middle of the 19th century the fort served as a military base for US Army action in what was the edge of settlement in 1850 . [ 1 ] The United States Army Base at Fort Scott, formerly forts Fort Linnemann and Fort Scott, Texas, was first established in 1803. At that time, the locations of Fort Scott, Linnemann, and Fort Scott served as a salient against British colonial forces. It is in this area of the Great Plains that the Soldiers of the Confederacy turned to anchor to better defend the long-distance, heavy-fire line against British colonial force. Fort Scott was set on the edge of settlement by the U.S. military in the 1850s as a military base in the foothills of the Great Plains and was used as a military base during the American Revolutionary War. Founded in the 1830s it served in conjunction with the Ft. Scott base in the 1860s. Following the Confederacy's failed war against the United States in the American Civil War, the area of Fort Scott became the fort that would be renamed after the very American general, General Winfield Scott.   In 1851 the base was added to the United States National Park System. Fort Scott National Historic Site is a historic area under the control of the United States National Park Service in Bourbon County, Kansas, United States. Named after General Winfield Scott, who achieved <unk> during the Mexican @-@ American War, during the middle of the 19th century the fort served as a military base for US Army action in what was the edge of settlement in 1850. [
In the National Park Service's view, the reasons for the Confederate victory over the United States had three main facets: 1) they relied heavily on a highly localized technical action, such as steam power, to gain the upper hand. This was made possible by the fact that the Southwest was so ruggedly far west of the boundary between Kansas and Missouri that Southern steam power was hard to find. The Confederacy, through this military action, strategically trapped the Western Allies from west to east as they journeyed to the land of the North in 1864. 2) There was the political maneuvering necessary to continue in this environment as the United States were unable to deal with the troubles of Europe and developed a special relationship with Mexico at the time. 3) It was the general simplicity of the "Cinco de Mayo" conflict that led the North to quit all military activity in Mexico, leaving the South free to use this fresh new money to fight any tussles that would arise with the United States (for example, an offensive against Missouri -Missouri). The National Park Service considers the fact that they initially lacked the financial support and political backing to begin war with the United States, along with the lack of military superiority, that made a successful war with the Confederacy nearly impossible for the Union to win.   In the National Park Service's view, the reasons for the Confederate victory over the United States had three main facets:
The increased use of steam power allowed the South to continue operating without constant steam power on a given day and over a long period of time.
The lack of "Saturday night defenses" led to over dependence on the military, rather than the local conditions in the area.
The simple design of the U.S. Army, combined with a limited enemy composition resulted in a surprise offensive.
The NPS created the "Platte River and Fort Scott Interpretive Center" in 1884 and included historic materials such as inscriptions, rail cars, and cannons in the interior areas of the Fort. For many years the historical marker for the Fort was located on the western entrance of the fort. (A fanciful work to call it a "location", at least from an urban planning perspective.) It would be years before the site began to be explored and both in the National Park Service's perspective and that of the general public that sought out to read about this important Civil War military fortification. Once this fort became a historical asset, the connection between the fort and its official location was quickly established. A 1911 archaeological survey for the National Park Service indicated that approximately 15,000 of the United States Army's soldiers were stationed at the fort. By the 1930s, plans were in place to transform the base into a Museum. Even though the United States Army abandoned Fort Scott in 1865, it was renamed for a general, General Winfield Scott, and later re-named the Fort Moultrie in his honor.