 
 = Battle of Hubbardton = 
 
 The Battle of Hubbardton was an engagement in the Saratoga campaign of the American Revolutionary War fought in the village of Hubbardton , Vermont . Vermont was then a disputed territory sometimes called the New Hampshire Grants , claimed by New York , New Hampshire , and the newly organized and not yet recognized but de facto independent government of Vermont . On the morning of July 7 , 1777 , British forces , under General Simon Fraser , caught up with the American rear guard of the forces retreating after the withdrawal from Fort Ticonderoga . Soon after the British had entered the village, the American militia was exposed to an attack by 500 heavily armed and machine gunned British militia. During the fighting the British retreated southward into different garrisons. A battle ensued. In addition to the enemy soldiers, British artillerymen and British colonial militia killed several American soldiers and captured prisoners. During the battle British Lieutenant-Colonel William Washington, with some British help, inflicted heavy casualties on the American militia. The American commander reported to General Washington that this was the first such battle since the American Revolution. At the end of the battle the British had 12 prisoners of war, and on the other hand Washington, with very few British forces, claimed to have killed 33 Americans. That night, while Washington slept, the British received the opportunity to conduct a raid against the American fortifications in a second attempt to capture it. On the following day, the British captured the town of Hubbardton, probably destroying it. For a couple of months afterwards it was considered unofficially a new colony and for a while the United Colonies and the United States became separate nations. On April 30, 1778, a reenactment was held at Hubbardton to commemorate the event. 
 

How We Got The New Springfield-Massachusetts Campaign The strategy and tactics of the British New England colonies during the American Revolutionary War. There are four parts of this article, four events. One part was the Battle of Bunker Hill, 1777. Two are the efforts to defeat the British in the Boston colonies and to reconquer the Massachusetts Colony. There is a third part, that of the New Hampshire seizures in the fall of 1776. Finally, there is the part of the Revolution that happened at the Battle of Bunker Hill. For a very detailed, thorough, and careful account of this period, you might consult, for example, W.Y. Copeland, Strategist and Strategist. For a more general, direct, and scientific account of the Colonial movement, you should consult D. J. Pritchard and the military history texts in our library, for example, W.C. Pepper and A History of the United States Army.
Genghis Khan? Genghis Khan?
Most historians will suggest that Genghis Khan was really an Islamic conqueror rather than an actual Muslim. The late Joseph Littell also proposed that Genghis Khan actually was a Persian conqueror. Many more historical studies make this alternative case more convincing. From that broader perspective, one might look at Genghis Khan's execution of the Jews of Pontus and the Armenian genocide as part of a broader pattern of mass killings by Muslims that has been virtually uninterrupted for thousands of years. We also know that the Muslim conquests over many parts of the world did not end with the death of the last conqueror, like other places in the world.
Origins of the Red Army The origins of the Russian army and its role in the revolution of 1917 are an interesting one. The Red Army is often presented as a large complex of entities, some of which had a direct bearing on the events of 1917, but most of which was merely symbolic and triggered a larger change. There is a role, however, in Russian history that lies beyond the confines of symbolism and deeper than symbolic roles. The revolution itself came with a very large and controversial new social idea - the notion of the "New Russia". This new society, called the Soviet Union, was formed during a period of Russian history called the "Modernization" and "Reconstruction" (1917-21). The methods of government were significantly transformed, while the popular character of this idea of "New Russia" changed, evolving and even becoming more and more independent. This society was originally opposed to capitalism and communism, but it came to adopt the idea of an "improved" and "nationalized" country as the future of their nation. Thus, this very real change of the revolutionary mindset of Russia from capitalism to a new social concept had a major impact on the ideology of the Red Army.
Navy -- Public Resistance to the Russian Revolution The navy as a symbol of new Russian consciousness was crucial to the Russian revolution. The new, better, "National Russian Navy" was built in the early 1920's in cities like Minsk, which came to be known as a "Green Naval City".