 
 = Jane 's Attack Squadron = 
 
 Jane 's Attack Squadron is a 2002 combat flight simulator developed by Looking Glass Studios and Mad Doc Software and published by <unk> Interactive . Based on World War II , the game allows players to pilot fifteen reproductions of that era 's military aircraft and to carry out missions for the Axis or Allies . Although it contains dogfights , the game focuses largely on air @-@ to @-@ ground combat .
The former was an early form of aerial combat, a more prominent term in the context of fiction, while the latter was a lot more common and less lethal. The initial conflict (during which the two countries had been allies) came to an end with a non-aggression pact being signed between the two powers. (as said earlier, the terms of that pact proved to be non-binding)
The game was aimed at young adults and players were able to perform duties for the US, the British or any other Axis power to complete missions to save Axis cities. At that time the relative lack of action in the real world had taken place, thus the concept of air combat was much less discussed. (It was important to remember that the game was designed to be extremely simple. The player was able to merely "commence the mission" without any knowledge of flight operations or planning )
The game was released in 2002 on three platforms: PC, Xbox, and PlayStation. Though it was released for the PC, it would be a few years before that was released for the consoles. As of 2012 it was currently available for both the Wii U and PlayStation 4.
The characters used in the game are as follows:
Jane Morgan - Jane's boyfriend. She does all of the aircraft maintenance for Jane's Squadron and since she is in the squad, Jane is the one who flies the aircraft, never requiring Jane to control any flight systems. For some unknown reason (probably a joke about the protagonist having a girlfriend) Jane's cockpit contains (based on her actions) only a control joystick, and no cursor. The player can use a crowbar to guide her aircraft, thus she is not a fighter pilot or naval aviator.
While a "normal" (modern) member of the United States Air Force, Jane isn't as good as her pilot counterpart:
How cool is that?
Sir Evelyn Evelyn Robinson - Evelyn's husband, and commander of Jane's Squadron. He is responsible for the bombers flying over the enemy territory, and for refueling, maintenance and transporting the aircraft. He is, of course, also a member of Jane's Squadron. Though the support roles were meant to be somewhat similar (another-thingwise similar to a real-life fighter pilot), they are much more restricted in these planes as Jane always has to have her ace pilot.
Lorraine L'Engle - Lorraine's beautiful sister. Although Lorraine is referred to as the two pilots' sister, the actual sister is referred to as "Evelyn", which is taken to mean that Evelyn acts as Evelyn's lifeline. It was not used before the recent update, but it appears that it might be used in the future.
Constable Wendy Phelan - The deuteragonist of the game and her station in the space station. She has the largest amount of space on the station, and is one of the stations bartenders. She also appears to be a nurse, as the game mentions she can "heal" aircraft. (This is a common misconception as most modern aircraft heal themselves, and that's the only time I am ever a "nurse" in a game )
The game was very positive about their inclusion, saying:
The game has, since the day of its release, been a leading source of pride for many non-US gamers for it's portrayal of both the Axis and Allies. I know that the game was not created to provide a theological commentary on the events of World War II; however, there are many sections of the game which are extremely poignant and moving in the manner of telling the story of those who were involved in that war. Since this game is a game of great tone, and in both tone and presentation, the very question of whether or not it is a tool to teach them about the Great War will always remain an interesting question.