 
 = Astraeus hygrometricus = 
 
 Astraeus hygrometricus , commonly known as the hygroscopic earthstar , the barometer earthstar , or the false earthstar , is a species of fungus in the Diplocystaceae family . Young specimens resemble a puffball when young and <unk> . In maturity , the mushroom displays the characteristic earthstar shape that is a result of the outer layer of fruit body tissue splitting open in a star @-@ like manner . The actual surface of the star is a thin, black membrane which is richly (and profusely) chalky, but is brown if aged enough to actually show signs of chalky brown skin.  Strikingly, the surface is whitish but variable in color depending on the location, size, stage, and time of year that it is collected.
a very well preserved actual ring of umbellifolium (right) (approx. 20-25 cm in diameter)
2.3 Syzygium cornutum
Syzygium cornutum is an ascidian-fungi ssp. cornutum from England. It is a pretty common organism, occurring at both moist and dry locations.   Syzygium cornutum is the oldest plant we found and, although it is difficult to capture in this very small specimen, several of the parts of it are unmistakably an identical look to Syzygium otitis fasciatum which is from the same genus. There is no ambiguity that this is a pretty rare fungus and very rarely found on rangelands!  
2.4 S. sinensis
Another common, much smaller, quite young to semi-old organism. This organism does not resemble the pellucid photo up top - it actually looks like the photo up top - all the markings are the same! 
2.5 Stropharias subsp. lanceolata
This plant, sometimes called a nutmeg mushroom, is quite popular in many regions of the world as a bird mushroom, hence its name, and it is quite common throughout Europe and in all the northern hemisphere. It is a monomorium var. sp. subsp. lanceolata, the whole of the leaf being oval-shaped. The surface, as you might guess, is a whitish, nearly black panicle, and its scales are unibose, the color of an unscarred white. When fully mature, the scales become white and will never blossom out again, even when freshly cut!   This plant is one of the most common in the region, with roadsides and overpasses all over the world. Even in a different continent, some parts of the Czech Republic will have road signs saying " Mis kuparansko!" ( " Mis of the road!" ). It can occur anywhere from the North American south to the very southeast of America and, from several locations in North America, even to Chile, where it is also found as a species at various elevations.
2.6 Pseudotraria spp.
It is common to find roots of Pseudotraria spp. in dry, slightly acidic soil - either alluvial or subsoil. Usually these roots are of the foot-root variety, but in times of extreme drought they can take root in moist soil. There are many different species of P. spp., some of which I have covered in detail in this post.
2.7 Pseudomela nuttii
This ubiquitous, ancient, and difficult-to-find mushroom was also not found at all! We have tried so hard to find a photo of the previously-mentioned genus, but we are still waiting and hoping!     This unique mushroom is a real mystery, as there are more than a handful of species described ( I suspect that it is actually a species of Stropharia spp. that has never been described!), but what is certain is that it has unusual spines. If you are interested in collecting this mushroom, it is a long-lived, gregarious, globular species that usually forms a dense, purple-black ball when whole and has the appearance of a demon-like barmaid.