 
 = Sinclair Sovereign = 
 
 The Sinclair Sovereign was a high @-@ end calculator introduced by Clive Sinclair 's company Sinclair <unk> in 1976 . It was an attempt to escape from the unprofitable low end of the market , and one of the last calculators Sinclair produced . Made with a case of pressed steel that a variety of finishes , it cost between GB £ 30 and GB £ 60 at a time when other calculators could be purchased for under GB £ 5 .
This calculator was extensively used by people in the streets of London. "Clive Sinclair's Omnibus - Corriobuson - Halberstadt - Umbrella - Sir Sky."
As you can see the new features was what these people wanted, a seperate numbered number display (different from the numbers on other calculators), and a down-sized main display. With this small display there were two large circular buttons, one for each button (yellow on upper left and green on lower left) which looked somewhat like the ones that you see on most'movement' type systems (like the lovely Zulu), with a selection of 12 equations to select from, and they were both arranged in the same order on the screen. 
The key binding on the right was a tiny piece of plastic with a slightly peeling image of a face of a "wasp-like female" with her jaw pierced, curled up, and her eyes opened on the bottom half. It could also be seen as the front panel to the right of the main dial. This switch is what gives you the option to "select" another display in addition to the same 12 decimal numbers on the main dial. 
In some ways it seems more appealing as it adds a little balance to the large front panel. The back panel was a rather single page, displaying basic information about the calculator, the function, the date and time, and, of course, the lower margin indicator that corresponded to the digits next to the decimal point. This seemed similar to the methods used on other calculators of the time (like the TRS calculator ), and quite unusual for the time, which I felt was very worrying.
I remember seeing the full set of the Sovereigns with their own commemorative sticker on one, though, so I can't imagine what the people were thinking. The whole set could have been just as easy to import into a 'high' resolution laptop, and the option to switch between portrait and landscape modes was pretty valuable. That would also have given you an extra 30 or so seconds of life. This little bit of artistry was a rather nice touch. 
The one thing which I think lost on people in general was that you could adjust the scales of the different numbers from 25% to 100%. The basic unit scale is 37%, and I can recall seeing people mistakenly saying that the Sovereign had 33% of decimal points. This is a massive mis-statement, and the calculator claims that all of its numbers are decimals, not percentage points. It is set up this way to prevent inconsistencies between different measurements.
However, even without this adjustment, the Sovereign was rather pleased when you set it to 0.25, and then set the decimal point to 0.50. I suspect that many people had discovered the box your personal WGS84 was buried in, that somehow, somehow, it was possible to print the figure with 0.25 as the decimal point, then set the decimal point to 0.5 (so it was 0.5 x 0.25 + 0.50 = 0.625 ), and in that new place they would be happy that 0.25 was no longer a decimal number, but it was still a large number and was easy to set up again with the 0.25 as the decimal point.
The display was one of the more impressive features of the set. It was not a dedicated numpad, but rather a mechanical system with 2 switches, "ear" for the multi-position slide mechanism, and "ear" for the main hand. It required no adjustment on the screen, and actually made the main display glow a bright yellow, just like the Uranus dial had.
The numerals had a pretty quick recall, as were the on-screen indices, and the text took up to a second to scroll. Many people only used the numerals once or twice a day, though, and they were therefore subject to forgetfulness.
The dial gave great views on the horizon, though, so it was nice to have that feature on there. The scale used for this was displayed in decimal feet and it was good to know how many feet you were in the Royal Mile.