 
 = Sweet Love ( Chris Brown song ) = 
 
 " Sweet Love " is a song by American recording artist Chris Brown , taken from his fifth studio album , Fortune ( 2012 ) . It was written by Brown , Cory Marks , Greg Curtis , Jamal " Polow da Don " Jones , Jason " JP " Perry and Tommy Doyle Jr . , while the production was handled by Polow da Don and Perry . The song was sent to urban contemporary radio in the United States on April 10 , 2012 , as the second single from the album . It was revealed at the end of the song's lead-off intro and climax that the track was called 'Sweet Love'. The first single sold over a million copies in the first week, according to Nielsen Music, and the song was featured in Nickelodeon's July 2012 Adventure Time's "Hard Candy", and Funimation's July 2012 Cartoon Network's "'Nicktoons Adventure Time' ". The song was recognized as the number one song on the Billboard Hot 100 in May 2012, up to which point it was owned by The Chainsmokers. Additionally, the song's earnings led to a substantial platinum album and a chart-topping global hit.

" Sweet Love " features frequent characters of Jamaican descent, which were further diversified in the release of the second single, "The Bodyguard". "Sweet Love" also features Greg Curtis, an Aboriginal-American rapper; Meghan Trainor, a voice actress; and Trent Reznor, a hip-hop artist. The song was released on April 10, 2012 as the second single from the album. The song was debuted on the 2012 Americana Music Awards; UTA's music video for "Sweet Love" was directed by James Ponsoldt, an artist who grew up in Illinois. The third single, "Make It Up to You", was released on April 17, 2012. This single was the second single to reach the US Billboard Hot 100, making it one of the fastest single releases in the history of US digital music services.

In his recent interview with CNN, Brown revealed that "Sweet Love" might have been the inspiration for the song for "Rockstar". [2]

The song features guest appearances from Lizzy Grant, Erin Hivley, Billy Kenny, Diby Alan, Adam Levine, Andre Dionne, Paul Wall, Tom Delonge, Lindsey Stirling, Rick Ross, Nick Carter, and to a lesser degree, Vince Staples. One of the singers featured on "Sweet Love" is vocalist Tiffany Brown from the music video.

"Sweet Love" has reached four consecutive Platinum Records in the US and has sold over 10 million copies in the United States. It was certified three times Platinum in the United States in the United Kingdom. In Europe, the song has sold over 7.2 million copies and reached two consecutive Platinum Records, as it was certified twice Platinum in France, two times Platinum in Spain, and a cumulative number of 948.2 in Germany.