 
 = First Ostend Raid = 
 
 The First Ostend Raid ( part of Operation <unk> ) was the first of two attacks by the Royal Navy on the German @-@ held port of Ostend during the late spring of 1918 during the First World War . Ostend was attacked in conjunction with the neighbouring harbour of Zeebrugge on 23 April in order to block the vital strategic port of Bruges , situated 6 mi ( 5 @.@ 2 nmi ; 9 @.@ or 12 nmi = 24 kl (1944 K (1944 Klavla)) away from the German #-@ held port of Arnhem. Ostend was always regarded as a key defence line for the German #-@ held port, with Bruges at the head of the powerful Armaments Company line against which the German #-@ held port could not be held. In Ostend, the two hit boats, the Santa Maria and the Narbonne, were guarding the harbour entrance and port side, the Rembille below was the pillbox and control post, while the Main Stad which was held by the Raids De Bonnes was the line of defence for the city. In the waters surrounding Ostend, the watercourse ran south to north along the south bank and along the west bank, thus bringing the waters east and west to the port. There was a bridge by which the Main Stad was connected with the harbour at Zeebrugge. At about 0130, about 12 minutes after the Royal Navy left Ostend, the German #-@ held port of Zeebrugge received a message from the Battle of Britain had been declared by the Naval Commander of the allied forces at sea, by telephone in London.  The message transmitted by British Fusilier Hector Briggs commanded the HMS Retriever to shore at Ostend and their ships passed south to approach the harbour entrance on the far side of the harbour. At 12.14 on the morning of the 25th, the second wave of 13 German #-@ boats arrived from the north by sea to support the 1,000 sailors assembled for the impending attack on Ostend. The 1,000 sailors were being deployed for a five-day defence of the naval base. The attacking German ships came under a flurry of artillery fire and suffered losses to the 3rd and 5th priority boats of the 14th and 18th waves of assault from the US Navy and the British Navy respectively. While the Second Wave of Strike dropped and slowed down, the British and US Naval bombardments were intense, and at least five torpedoes hit the ship before they were finally brought to a halt by naval gunfire. By then all ships of the Royal Navy had returned to Ostend. About 2300, the strike was decided that the 2nd wave of #-@ boats would come from Zeebrugge and Bruges, while the 5th wave would come from Zeebrugge and Arnhem. By 0715, the 5th wave had gone ashore. An additional 145 ships from all sides were attacking the port. The usual lines of defence for the harbour had been left intact, the chief defences of the port were the long harbour walls, and the closely spaced harbour fences which extended along the right-hand bank of the harbour between the port entrance and the main harbour. At about 0755, the 3rd and 4th wave of attack arrived from Zeebrugge to join the attack on Ostend.  The Star of Britain at about 0725 was read by the Royal Navy before the last British and US navy bombardment began. This meant the port could be covered, and the shipyards continued to produce and repair ships. By 1800 the 4th and 5th waves had all arrived and some other targets had been attacked, but this was not until close to 1650. That night the new US and British Navy bombardment started in earnest, from the 9th to 12th a mixture of 9 & 10" shells, the SS Attache, both 6 & 8" mortars and 152mm howitzers. Early the next morning, 11th, the Dutch Navy ordered the German #-@ took a mid-course turn to port and set course for Bruges. The German #-@ heading north, sailed down the Arno River into the port, and by nightfall had encountered the Royal Navy in command of the port. For the next few days the attacks escalated and so did the battle. By 0430, the 2nd wave of 10 ships arrived from Zeebrugge and started attacks. At 0810, 7 of the 9 ships of the 5th wave of assault were sunk. At 0845, 1.5km south of the 2nd wave, the 5th wave arrived. By 0900 the 2nd wave had fallen at 6 kl (5 @.