 
 = Capel <unk> = 
 
 Capel <unk> ( sometimes referred to as Hen <unk> <unk> ) is a ruined chapel near <unk> <unk> in Anglesey , north Wales , dating back to the first half of the 12th century . The chapel 's original purpose is unknown , but it might have been used as a memorial chapel or in connection with a local royal court , or as a chapel of ease in a large parish with a growing population .
Possible Valyrian houses have been identified in nearby St Mary's, which may not have been built by the family of the Romantics who have claimed to trace their ancestor to the first King Aegon. However, there may well have been some sort of family-specific farm of some sort nearby, and the presence of a village in the area might have reinforced the impression of an ancient royal site. In any case, the nearby Senchana had already been designated as an ancient royal burial site in the 1970s, and a similar site nearby in the same region is also said to be a Neapolitan treasure.
Birchwood: see Anglesey vLanneth
Halfdan: see Allerdan
Ongeur: see Ynys Môn  in Old Norse
Hirelyn: see Allerdan
Old King Ethelred of the Visigoths is often named in place names from the first part of the First Era, and in Cú Chulainn's second phase legend, there is a'castle named Artherin.  This castle is actually a Silvertear thein, probably in Córdoba, which itself was a destination for the Vandals. So we can roughly assume this is Córdoba. This would make the names of one or more other spots near Córdoba :
Artherin ( Silvertear thein ) Artherin ( Silvertear thein  ) Vangar in Avaris ( Silvertear thein  ) Hadrian's Wall in Gaul ( Silvertear thein  ) The Flodden Lowland in eastern England ( Silvertear thein  ) Strandglótr in Lómanland ( Silvertear thein  ) The Lothaird in Ireland ( Silvertear thein  ) The Lowland in Scotland ( Silvertear thein  ) The Navan in Ireland ( Silvertear thein  ) Carthusian Hall in Ireland ( Silvertear thein  ) Carthusian Hall in Cú Chulainn's territory ( Silvertear thein  ) Lór in Córdoba ( Silvertear thein ) Langobard in Brittany ( Silvertear thein )
A timeline of Córdoba will be provided in a future post. The famous archaeological discovery at Iron Islands in North Wales may have been related to a probable previously unknown royal cemetery at Artherin, though we are still not sure of all the details.