 
 = Arizona State Route 67 = 
 
 State Route 67 ( SR 67 ) is a 43 @.@ 4 mi ( 69 @.@ 8 km ) long , north – south state highway in northern Arizona . Also called the Kaibab Plateau – North Rim Parkway , SR 67 is the sole road that links U.S. Route 89A ( US 89A ) at Jacob Lake to the North Rim of Grand Canyon National Park . Along the route , the road heads through the national park as well as Kaibab National Forest and is surrounded by evergreen trees . The 11-mile loop passes through many amazing hiking destinations such as Piute Hot Springs, Caliente Spring, Birch Brook, Caliente Valley and Riye Rock. The road enters the Kaibab National Forest at Knee Hot Springs, 8 miles north of Anchorage. From here the road heads towards the rugged ridges of Kaibab and Grand Canyon National Parks.
Like all sections of California's Low Country, the road has a lot of roadside heritage. US 89 and Highway 1 ( 139 ) are dotted with yurt enclosures, automobiles, and tiny individual stone structures. Here and there you'll find other roadside reminders – – those are worn and disused in all directions. State Route 66 also forms a spur of the route, following a wide half mile road from Grand Canyon National Park to Jacob Lake.
( 19/2/15 ).
Presidential & State Routes 35 & 6 are North – South State Routes. A 36 @.@ North – South State Route
The north – south state highway 13 is part of the Santa Clara County – Presidio Expressway. State Route 35 runs south to Eureka Springs – Eureka Mills Road, also known as the State Route 34 ( State Route 89 ), on the northwest corner of New Mexico – California State Route 29 at Silverton. Several creeks in North Las Vegas provide excellent spots for fishing in late summer and early autumn. SID writes that " …there are a lot of opportunities to catch and use the I-15… [but] they are rare and I cannot say where to find them…", but indeed several fishing spots are found along this road, such as Wahuba Springs, Wahuba Springs Canyon and Kettler Crest – Wapiti.
( 11/9/14 ).
The north – south state highway 6 runs southeast to the junction of the North & South Routes in The Narrows – Nevada – Colorado. Interstate 35 runs south to Interstate 25 north of Las Vegas, and south to Narrows road junction, dividing the Narrows into Eastern Nevada and South Nevada. Also in this region are the Wapiti state park and the Mt. Viejas National Park.
( 22/1/16 )
One of the more notable small towns on the north-south highway is Hot Springs, named after the Spring Springs shelter that was a new addition to the home of Dr. Alexander Watson, a prominent resident of the town. This shelter was formerly a long-abandoned general store that had been in operation since the early 20th century.
( 3/3/18 )
I've heard that the existing US Highway 19 is on the verge of closure. It connects the the two Chula Vista subdivisions on the east side of Chula Vista with the northern end of Wapiti and Old Horse Mountain State Park, one of the oldest and largest state parks in the western United States.
( 24/2/16 )
Route 42 continues north to its intersection with US Highway 64 near Denton. This direction is also occupied by the US Interstate 90, but the northern end is due south to the Denton area and the southern end is due north to Mascotte – Natherly – Samuel. Route 34 goes east to Nye County, its own separate county on the upper east side of Chula Vista.
( 12/19/15 )
National Park Service The National Park Service produces a nearly comprehensive list of more than 1,500 State park creeks and rivers, a description of their contours, their associated trails and trestles, and any other common features such as camping sites and campgrounds along the route. Here's a link for Yosemite National Park. National Park Service & SR 35 Trailway Information Project.
A visitor offers some insight into the trip. " 
( 3/11/16 )
Author and traveler Victor Sullivan provides some insight into the trip.
The north – south highway is meant to come back to the four major population centers, which are Elk City, Winnemucca, Turtle Mountain and Sierra Vista – Las Animas. The important thing about the National Park Service highway corridor is that it feeds into a system of canals and drainage ditches from which many fantastic fishing grounds are spawned.