 
 = Die Another Day = 
 
 Die Another Day ( 2002 ) is the twentieth spy film in the James Bond series , and the fourth and final film to star Pierce <unk> as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond . The film follows Bond as he leads a mission to North Korea , during which he is betrayed and , after seemingly killing a rogue North Korean colonel , is captured and imprisoned . Fourteen months later , Bond is released as part of a prisoner exchange .  It is also the second Bond film to feature the first appearance of Cher.   Die Another Day (2002) is the twenty-eighth Bond film to be directed by Kenneth Branagh.  
Pierce <unk> is the film's main character.  (Read: Pierce ), he is a military man who goes undercover in North Korea to gain the trust of an arrogant and charismatic criminal group who are planning to do something fatal to the nation of North Korea. The film opens with the television screen flashing a commercial for the already infamous "Kitty Hawk" offensive (codenamed Operation U.N.C.L.E.).
The mission is the final operation that Bond and the other agents will undertake with the organizations from England and France, although Bond himself is sent in full force. Pierce <unk> is portrayed as a cynical, slight, and seemingly awkward man with hair longer than his lower legs, who always says the wrong thing, when he is not speaking. His look is that of a military man, but when seen on the television screen, he looks like an unwashed homeless man on a street corner in New York City. It is only when he is in the presence of others that his face becomes that of a man in his late twenties with long black hair and a boyish face. His country of origin is not revealed.
After his mission is successful, Bond is dressed in the army uniform, similar to the red and blue military attire used in most previous James Bond films. (You know, because it's an iconic thing.) However, Pierce is ordered to wear a simple blue t-shirt underneath.  Unlike prior Bond films, the North Korean government has banned military uniforms and other body armor, so Pierce is presented with an "Oh. Fuck. Yes. It. Is." kind of expression on his face. In reality, he probably hasn't worn that kind of clothing since getting out of prison back in 2002.  When he was shown out of the military car and brought to his house in Bannockburn, the poster for the film states that Pierce was imprisoned in 2009.
Pierce <unk> may only have three lines in the film, but he has his own distinct personality that changes throughout the film.  He has a tendency to "asphyxiate himself" and tends to talk or talk himself out of an action, instead of waiting until someone orders him to act. When he learns of an assassination he has to conduct a general amnesty, he "goes alone" to a nearby restaurant, and plans to go on a walk that turns into a hike and eventually, a hike through the countryside. He, however, only stops at some secluded parts of the countryside. Also, while carrying out his mission, he almost is killed by a mad-dog sent in to kill the target. He almost dies from that attack, which is fortunate since they would be invading North Korea rather than in his country of origin.  Despite all of that, he rarely loses his temper in the film.  Pierce <unk> does not allow himself to get carried away and can be quite rational, and can see his mistakes and is willing to try to learn from them. He generally does things rather casually.  He spends most of the time pacing or rambling, and is a lonely man, as a result.   He does not seem to follow protocol, such as wearing a helmet when sitting in an attack helicopter. He does not drink much alcohol or smoke, but has a cigarette at the ready.  And when he is not on his mission, he is definitely never without a cold beer in his hand.  At the end of the film, it is revealed that he works as a prison guard in Bannockburn, though he apparently didn't have a prison cell during the time of his capture. In the words of Pierce, "I didn't know anyone lived in the Middle East".
The main selling point of Die Another Day (2002) is that it is the final film for Pierce <unk>.  Pierce <unk> is extremely cynical, a man who refuses to be deluded. The film starts in his home, his tired and frightened that he is going to die in the attempt on his life.  And so, Pierce <unk> appears in all his Army garb to do his last mission of the series.