 
 = Croatian independence referendum , 1991 = 
 
 Croatia held an independence referendum on 19 May 1991 , following the Croatian parliamentary elections of 1990 and the rise of ethnic tensions that led to the breakup of Yugoslavia . With 83 percent turnout , voters approved the referendum , with 93 percent in favor of independence . Subsequently , Croatia declared independence and the dissolution of its association with Yugoslavia on 25 June 1991 , but it introduced a three @-@ month moratorium on the decision when urged to do so by the European Community and the Conference on Security and Cooperation in Europe through the <unk> Agreement . The Agreeement also called for a referendum on the status of Slovenia and Serbia (countries within the Former Yugoslavia ), but the referenda did not take place, and SETA was never ratified by the Croatian legislature. [53]
A document entitled "SOX (II) KURUK" (By the VETO Group), prepared by the Secretariat for EU, encouraged Croatia to withdraw from SETA. The document stated that Croatia should oppose the termination of the agreement, recognizing that the agreement reached by the FARC and the EAM would replace a "clarification" of SETA. [54] The GOI stated that it does not support the notion that the agreement will "in all possible ways" "change the legal status of the Croatian territories under its jurisdiction in the region in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement," and had therefore been content to withdraw from the agreement. [55]
Soya is a sweet fish with a yellow shell, white stripe, and slightly bulbous bluish-yellow snout and bill. Croatian culture has long claimed that the sauce makes the fish creamy and warming. [56]
The symbol of Slaga. Although it is commonly called "Dwarf Soya", Soya is derived from s. voyce, which originally meant the fat content in a lean cut of meat, and hence Cascar, as stated above, and S. Voyce was a common name for stewed meat in Spain and North Africa.
Mainland China and Hong Kong the two most important Asian markets for Soya. The primary market for Soya's sweet sauce is found in the $225-million Hong Kong market, and Soya's dominance in Hong Kong markets has become increasingly apparent in recent years, possibly in response to increased Chinese economic interest in global commodities. [57]
About 1.1 million tons of Soya exports enter the Netherlands each year, while the largest agricultural exports in the whole of Southeast Asia are from Indonesia. [58]
 During the 8 th century  , the people of Japan and Korea had started to domesticate the fish (locally called "tuna") around 300 CE. A huge fresh market for Soya was opened in China as a result, as the huge soup called Doraemon, in which pork is marinated in raw fish, became a popular dish in the streets of the capital of the Yellow River, and the grand Imperial Palace of Song-ti was erected in the Old Town. It was, for a time, one of the largest marketplaces in China, and eventually it became the  largest market for Soya  in the entire world. Today, it is known as the world's largest market for Soya. 
Heirloom soya fish is harvested in small groups, which means a fish whose survival rate is so low as to be impossible for commercial fisheries to continue. With Doraemon at a large, multi-billion dollar market, heirloom soya fish will continue to grow at such a prodigious rate, causing severe shortages in major Asian markets, and altering the planet's  natural  systems.
"Toric", or soura, is a colorless wine of unknown origins from Central and South America, a dry, strongly alcoholic beverage with a flavor reminiscent of mangoes and watermelon. In Hanoi, Vietnam, the Toric popularly used as an antihistamine was the first fermented wine discovered by a Vietnamese academic in the early 1950s. [59] The townspeople of Batang says "tori's flavor is not good because the stems are tough, and the ripeness of the leaves is very poor." [60]
The first attempt to commercialize Tori root (Kotofalochia pungens) was made by the Spanish in the 15th century, using a snail paste named "kellupol" (eckopolos A + Aβ), which was a nutritional supplement. Once it was combined with vinegar and reduced, a vinegar-based liqueur called Torigu was produced. The Torigu used in this liqueur was distilled in the pouch of the snail for ten years, leading to their prohibition by the Spanish courts in 1559, and subsequently used in all of Spain's territory.