 
 = Raid on Manila ( 1798 ) = 
 
 The Raid on Manila of January 1798 was a Royal Navy false flag military operation during the French Revolutionary Wars intended to scout the strength of the defences of Manila , capital of the Spanish Philippines , capture a Manila galleon and assess the condition of the Spanish Navy squadron maintained in the port . Spain had transformed from an ally of Great Britain in the War of the First Coalition into an enemy in 1796 . The raid on Manila was immediately reported in the newspapers and the Royal Navy prepared the following relief mission : Captain Alcock, command of the 1154ft HMS Pigeon (now HMS Kustan ), a late 16th century warship, sailed from the Port of Manila in an attempt to provide additional protection for the English squadron operating in the city. Upon encountering the resistance of the garrison on the upper floors of the city, he announced that the garrison had withdrawn and requested assistance from the more powerful merchant vessel Acolyte Anne, which had been anchored at Manila at the time. The crew of the Kustan showed some hostility towards Alcock and the crew of the Acolyte Anne launched a furious attack at the Pigeon. When the French gallant sailed into range, the Acolyte Anne opened fire and sunk the Kustan. This was not a hoax operation but a ruse on the part of the Spanish to destroy the English galleon to provoke a revolt amongst their colonial subjects and draw the English to land. The artillery fire which the RNAS rammed into the French galleon caused the galleon to break away from the British squadron and towards Manila. The failure to capture the galleon caused Alcock to abort the second ground assault on Manila and order his ships to retreat to Bonifacio, the main island of the Philippines, for reinforcement. This was in breach of their Treaty of Portsmouth (November 7, 1796 ) and his brave actions angered the Royal Navy officers who wanted to press their advantage. The second force led by Lieutenant Hugh Pringle of the 204ft HMG Prince of Wales sailed into the bay of Bonifacio to relieve the Acolyte Anne, when the Royal Navy attacked the smaller vessel. The assault on Prince of Wales resulted in her sinking. During the fighting the entire squadron was hit with heavy fire and it was decided to abandon the ship. Alcock were ordered to sail away to Valencia and when they arrived at Calicut he made an ill advised but good faith attempt to stay in Manila while the main force was sent back. The Royal Navy, on May 4, 1801, put out a Joint Board of Admirals of 16 ships with the intention of capturing Manila. The Board rejected the idea and therefore many ships were ordered to evacuate the city. On May 14, 1801, 18,000 people were evacuated but it was an abysmal failure for the Navy. Alcock's ships were ordered to evacuate but were bogged down in a cluster of buildings on the city side and foundered. There were also a number of lost anchors and shanties and another ship was ordered to anchor and they were eventually sunk off the side of a hill. Alcock had found a new gold mine in the city. It was not to last however and by May 30, 1801, most of the fleet had been whittled down to almost half their strength. On June 9, 1801, the government of Spain offered a pacts of cooperation in exchange for shipping from Manila to Calicut which never materialised.