 
 = Truth in Numbers ? = 
 
 Truth in Numbers ? Everything , According to Wikipedia is a 2010 American documentary film that explores the history and cultural implications of the online , user @-@ <unk> <unk> Wikipedia . The film considers the question of whether all individuals or just experts should be tasked with editing an <unk> . 
 The site 's history and background is given , along with commentary from Wikipedia founders Jimmy Wales and Larry Sanger . 
In an interview with The New York Times, Wales spoke about the inspiration behind the film:   "To try to inform the public about an issue, I started a project, so I thought of someone else to work with: Michael Moore," said Wales, who is known for his satirical films such as Bowling for Columbine and Fahrenheit 9/11. "I thought, 'Let's see how they'll do.' " Mr. Wales was joined in the project by Mr. Sanger, a former Wikipedia editor and to whom Mr. Wales still consults. (Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales)
The film is no stranger to controversy,  and has raised eyebrows when it was first announced. According to US news outlet,'s full meaning is as yet unclear. The explanation's hard to decipher. One of the new rules adopted is that a project must be uploaded to one of a number of over 600 non-profit or academic sites, including Wikipedia. It's been a week since the deadline, and this year's collaborative editing challenge is already live, leaving the future of the edit task  in the hands of the individual participants. The users are encouraged to contribute along their own trajectories, with some designated to not just pay attention to Wikipedia's Truth No. 1 but  to actually to watch the video.
The Truth in Numbers team includes the ever popular Jimmy Wales, a prolific Wikipedia editist, and his wife Lena (screen-cap from Talk about transparency)
The Truth in Numbers is available to watch on film for free on the company's site and their YouTube channel. Not everyone agrees that it should be removed as a violation of Wikipedia's rules, however. Some share the view that the group will reap legal rewards for their roles on the project, in part on the basis that they were involved in the creation of the challenge site for it to be submitted to.
"I mean, they said they had no idea about copyright," Mary Pattillo, an attorney for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, an advocacy group, told The New York Times. "They said they were kind of in a back room. They were trying to figure it out."
Translation: @-@  Wikipedia is simply an outlet for the Wikipedia community to reach out to people, make an organization, you know, maybe some stuff, yeah. And it's asking people to take those ideas and, okay, edit them. 
Citing the fact that @-@  Wikipedia is not well-known outside of the community, Pattillo said the organization is being asked to interpret their decisions so that their talk of potential legal fines is what is communicated to members of the audience.
The 50-minute documentary is set to premiere tonight on BBC1 at 11pm, and it will follow-up on the premise that some communities will not be able to integrate and communicate without information being brought to them. There is going to be a moment in the documentary where they take these very sensitive questions to the members of the Truth in Numbers community. In a tweet shortly after the film came out, Wales  shared his frustrations:
"I am such a wreck," he wrote. "Thought I was getting the shaft.... Sorry....... I'm incredibly saddened." 
Commenting on the issue of retweets, Wales said:
"Many of you are having a much easier time than I do re-tweeting so I'm responding. I can't believe my Twitter team thinks the Olympics is the greatest thing to happen to sports. Nothing says 'I've made it' more clearly than tweeting something." 
It's the irony of the situation that has prompted Pattillo to clarify her position:
"Really, this is a great program and it is so genuinely working to bring people together and promote the good things of Wikipedia and to help those in these communities. I don't think @-@  should be penalized or anything. In terms of that retweets... Wikipedia is, of course, free to decide what to do with this kind of material, but I think they should be a little more mindful of the fact that @-@  is a great organization that is trying to promote good ideas. I understand the need to be pragmatic about getting this documentary on air, but it is really hard to acknowledge that they are trying to promote a great program when that program is the Olympics.