 
 = Battle of Merville Gun Battery = 
 
 The Battle of Merville Gun Battery occurred on 6 June 1944 , as part of Operation Tonga , part of the Normandy landings , during the Second World War . Allied intelligence believed the Merville Gun Battery was composed of heavy @-@ calibre guns that could threaten the British landings at Sword Beach , only 8 miles ( 13 km ) away . 
 The 9th Parachute Battalion , part of the 3rd Parachute Brigade attached to 6th Airborne Division , was given the objective of destroying the battery . A July 1944 British report  stated that the air assault was made by
" One wing of the 6th Gun Brigade -. This wing is closely tied in with the 2nd V Corps, and has been placed in operation as an artillery protection force. The airmen have been instructed to destroy all of the weapons to be employed by the gunners within the next 10 days and to make no attempt to abandon these arms until relieved by the artillery."   
First Lieutenant Lanch stated that he was sent to destroy the two guns on the main port side of the shield. As luck would have it, both guns were still located when Lanch arrived and destroyed them both,  to the surprise of the enemy. Not much is known about the captured guns at Merville  due to the incredible campaign to clear the site of these "illegitimate" guns in one of the most horrific military campaigns in the history of Western Civilization, since the 19th Century.  
Destroyed Merville Gun Battery at his Mission in two months 20th January 1944. The north edge of the shield was completely buried, the wood by the edge of the field of aim being painted yellow by the Allies. 
The soil also washed out all of the trenching dirt, the wooden smacking foiling caused a small trench to sink into the soil. 
Click on photo to see larger image.
Sunken Merville Gun Battery
I have taken some photos and videos of the hole in the ground at Merville and first sent these pics to my friend Alex TheSwindler and Alex as his action photo photos to my friends at RealMenWinning.com in the absence of time. This is the aftermath of the work that was done to actually sink the guns into the ground. (sorry for the terrible photos. 3 hours late, it was not in the mood to go down in one of my old photograph festooned Facebook walls)   
The mine itself is still on the other side of the hole where it was sunk but can still be seen under the ground.
One of the first things that I noticed when digging the hole, was the subsidence caused by all of the dirt and rocks moving under the earth
(debris and soil being removed from the ground)
The Allies from Paris had established another solution. Below is a photo of the creation of an artificial channel in the middle of the soil (below left) 
Can you guess what the yellow balloon shaped metallic tank is?
 A few weeks after the sinking of the guns, the tanks (w/ explosives ) (shown on the right) were also used to destroy an English force stationed at Spieshed (dubbed " the corpse ), which had entered the Channel from France, in 1940 
(above).
Below is a picture of the tanks the Allies used to sink the guns
Below is a photo of an amazing photo of the German subs which fired in support of the British landings at Rose Hill. Click on the image for a larger image.
RUSHED IN FRONT OF THE PLANTION, BRINGING YOUR BALL AND STONE When the Gunners arrived at Merville they became aware that the British had started a huge advance on Normandy. The barrage was sent in a real stampede (a bang bang bang). They carried on so much they lost control and went on a running column. The artillery was supposed to give the infantry covering fire, to keep them from falling behind. However, the lead force of the ( British ) advance had run out of ammo and the shells were being dropped on the melee positions in a short amount of time. So, at long last the gunners received no real support. The force suddenly came under a much heavier barrage. The British returned fire almost immediately  and were covering for the rest of the invasion force and destroying the V-1s that were carrying out the initial attack. The most incredible thing, however, was that a lot of the V-1s actually found their way to Merville, dashing across the field as bullets rained on them. Soon their bomb loads were thrown away, an eerie silent mockery of their purpose. Below are two photos of V-1s dumped onto the lawn on the beached boat on the Normandy beach 
Major Andy Daffling, Lieut. Rock.