 
 = 1955 Atlantic hurricane season = 
 
 The 1955 Atlantic hurricane season was , at the time , the costliest season ever recorded . The hurricane season officially began on June 15 , 1955 , and ended on November 15 , 1955 . It was slightly above average , with 13 recorded tropical cyclones . The first storm , Alice , had persisted since December 30 , 1954 . Alice caused relatively minor impact as it tracked through the Lesser Antilles and eastern Caribbean Sea in early January . It formed on the northern coast of Hispaniola, but quickly dissipated. It was only a tropical cyclone, and it did not move beyond Jamaica in its next available phase, on January 27. Bob, a more powerful form of tropical cyclone, formed on March 8, and it briefly passed north of Jamaica. It then returned to the eastern and northern Gulf of Mexico in the early evening of March 9, passing north of the U.S. Virgin Islands and the Dominican Republic on March 12. In total, Bob and Alice killed 12 people and had a coastal wind speed of 220 miles per hour. Hurricanes and tropical storms in this period numbered approximately approximately 19,970.
Houston and Metairie Underwent a Concrete Housing Program in 1954
Jim Harris, president of a local church, did not have to wait long before the local program of providing homes for the homeless and desperate was taking root. The church of Union, Louisiana, had been founded in 1866 and Harris was elected a three-term representative in the Louisiana state assembly in 1908. As president of the church, Harris saw his church's role in providing and locating housing for the homeless and needy emerge. He held a six-week mass service where people helped each other move their belongings, including their valuables, to church halls for safekeeping. He hired a cook, called down from the church, and had this man search every street corner and alleyway for the homeless. He had his church return to the street around sundown on the first Sunday of each month to post adverts in newspapers offering the individuals the chance to become donors to help construct more housing for the needy. The city, he said, was receiving more than ten thousand calls a month from the homeless begging for housing.
Houston is One of the Very Richest Communities on Earth
Donald Hall, president of Houston's R.H. Harris Bldg, became the first non-resident of the city to receive a town house when he acquired his home in 1959. His development included a row house on Brazos Street, a row house on Brackenridge Avenue, and the Brackenridge Condominiums on Houston's Downtown, all provided with a common kitchen, laundromat, and television. While paying less than $7,000, he bought the row house and included a main floor to add additional bedroom and a second floor to increase the rental value. But Harris added a few refinements to the living space. He added a rooftop terrace to the already developed Hinton Lane. And, to increase the renters attractiveness, he added several gardens, most prominently a vineyard in Hinton Lane that grows grapes to feed the local residents. Houston is the very wealthiest community in the United States, with an average of $280,000 per capita income, the highest in the country. They are ranked 6 th on the Rich States ranking and 3 rd for Richest Cities. Houston is the only city with an effective poverty rate over 8 percent, making it one of the very poorest states in the country. But other cities have a higher poverty rate than the rich cities of the United States. It is estimated that over 1.8 million people live in poverty, and one in five children is living in poverty in the United States. The poverty rate in Harris County is approximately 33 percent, while in the Dallas-Fort Worth area, the poverty rate is 41 percent. By some measures, Harris County ranks more economically prosperous than San Antonio, although Texas is even wealthier than the Lone Star state with an average of $34,471 per capita of GDP.
Houston Military Development May Have Begun in the 1920s
In 1929, during the height of the oil boom, Donald Hall helped establish a "special artillery museum" along with his husband, Jim. This featured large cannons mounted on barge and boats and exhibited the largest collection of military equipment ever offered for sale. The "Builders Club" worked with the Halls, and kept in contact with the Bureau of Ordnance (now the Army Corps of Engineers) regarding the development of a possible military surplus depots. The organization constructed an exact replica of a gun shop and held it at its Westheimer Avenue facility from about 1932 to the spring of 1934. This is now the Halls Historical Museum. Harris County's largest city of Corpus Christi is also located within the Park Cities urban renewal area.  It had a population of about 1.