 
 = Awakening ( Star Trek : Enterprise ) = 
 
 " Awakening " is the eighth episode of the fourth season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek : Enterprise , and originally aired on November 26 , 2004 on UPN . The script was written by André Bormanis and the episode was directed by Star Trek : Voyager alumni <unk> Dawson . The episode was the first of the season for both Bormanis and Dawson .


Synopsis Edit

With a ban on the import of all warp-capable ship, Enterprise is on the run to the lawless port of Pegasi IV. The U.S.S. Voyager arrives to pick up a passenger, Hoshi Sato, who has been held prisoner for her role in a drug deal. But things turn out to be far worse than Sato imagined, when more Enterprise crewmen are mysteriously killed by a mysterious being called The Doctor.

Commentary Edit

With a new episode in the library to review, I thought it a good idea to give you a chance to give a comment on the Episode 8 review of the 3rd season of Star Trek : Voyager. Yesterday I was able to review 7 Voyager episodes for you guys, but that episode is still a bit underreview. Today I'll review the last episode I was able to review – Awakening.

As with other season three review sites, I've included a number of Trek iki that were selected by me from fan reviews, radio interviews, or previously found on the channel. Check here for an explanation on how to use these helpful links. Also, do remember that these are my review quotes of each episode, not the reviews themselves, so some may be more accurate than others.

Video highlights Edit

"Arrival"

Sets and props Edit

The first concern I had as I first started watching this episode was that there might be a problem with the actors playing Captain Kirk. I have little knowledge of the casting process, but in my opinion it seemed plausible that the casting crew would be under strict orders not to cast someone who looked exactly like Captain Kirk.

It was revealed at the end of this episode that the captain's hair is more sparse and not as shiny as it once was (sneak peek in 2.08).

Admiral Pavel Chekov wearing a Vulcan headpiece?

Visually, it was quite the disappointment. With the "Serenity" makeup applied, it was still pretty good (even if the wavy form of the Spock's forehead looked a little loose from this episode). However, the part where Chekov had to scan the porthole, bringing his eyes with him, seemed a bit awkward and inconsistent. It wasn't until later in the episode that I realized that the piece of the Vulcan's head that appeared to be his eyes was actually just the end of his nose.

After Captain Kirk and his newly rescues ended up in a strange wasteland, they find the mysterious Tuvok. Also of note is that Tuvok's face is so strange that it resembles a real-life bust of Franz Ferdinand. It's kind of hard to determine if the fictional depiction of the famous actor on the poster is good or bad since the figure itself has its own problems, but Tuvok was a bit over-acted compared to what we've seen before. It also reminded me of Harry Boudreau.

He certainly looks more like I want Spock to look like. (Author's Note: at the time of this writing, Tuvok seems to have appeared in 3 different B-movies, which suggests that a Tuvok resurfaced somewhere). The question is: would he've looked better in the part where he deals with aliens? Honestly, I like how Kirk and his team make their way to a strange planet where they find him.

1. Tuvok is always out of character. Was there some philosophy that he or the writing team decided to put on him that you could clearly see and relate to? Do you think it has a dramatic value?

2. Apart from establishing the organization of the Enterprise, what other (real or imaginary) character are you happy to see return from the Enterprise?

3. Did you have more trouble remembering something in this episode? Do you think you're capable of recalling anything that's gone on during the journey through time that you just watched?

4. Captain Kirk later says, "I have had to learn patience in order to avoid the wrath of The Doctor" if you compare that to the previous episode, "Future's End".

5. A clear example of it being too good.