 
 = Boy @-@ Scoutz ' n the Hood = 
 
 " Boy @-@ Scoutz ' n the Hood " is the eighth episode of The Simpsons ' fifth season . It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on November 18 , 1993 . In the episode , Bart , intoxicated from an all @-@ syrup <unk> , mistakenly joins the Junior Campers , a Boy Scout @-@ style organization that 's not affiliated with the Boy Scouts of America . The cause of Bart's alcohol poisoning is not revealed.
Dave Rodriguez's voice actor, Nelson Wallace, was also one of the show's voice actors.
The episode was written by Warren Skaaren, but it was originally written by Mark Lebow, first credited as a "story editor", then by Lebow later, then as an "episode manager" at Fox. After Lebow left the show, Skaaren was credited as an "episode supervisor" while Lebow rewrote the episode.
The show was promoted at conventions and as a result some spoiler information about the episode's plot was found on sites such as Reddit (without knowledge of the episode's existence).
This episode revolves around Bart's efforts to get back into the Boy Scouts. He tries his best to be accepted as a Boy Scout and becomes the heart and soul of the episode. He becomes really close to a group of Scouts in the episode, so in his bid to get back in the troop, he gets sick in the quest for achievement. The episode shows some of Bart's days in his trip to Scouts Camp, from his old batchmates to the running bugs.  The radio show (stardate 53774) is read by Colleen Carlin (who played his mother in The Simpsons: Tapped Out ).
David S. Goyer's writing credits also include  A Monster Calls and  The Passion of the Christ.
Elwood Reid's voice actor credits include  One Piece, Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex and Flatliners.
Rachel Dando's voice actor credits include, The Sopranos, Under the Dome and Avatar: The Last Airbender.
Thanks to Pete Hopkins for letting me know that this episode aired a number of times in the UK on  the XM channel before its  broadcast on Fox.
If you want to see the video of the man in the jacket for the Boy Scouts Movie @-@ Scoutz
He doesn't wear a jacket, and he can't hide it, but he seems to do just fine, especially considering the threat posed to his life.