 
 = Battle of <unk> 's Ridge = 
 
 The Battle of <unk> 's Ridge , also known as the Battle of the Bloody Ridge , Battle of Raiders Ridge , and Battle of the Ridge , was a land battle of the Pacific campaign of World War II between Imperial Japanese Army and Allied ( mainly United States Marine Corps ) ground forces . It took place from 12 – 14 September 1942 , on <unk> in the Solomon Islands , and was the second of three separate major Japanese ground offensives during the <unk> Campaign . The Japanese forces began by attacking, first, the far left ( left ) and right ( right ) sectors ( Supply and Patrol ), next, the South Side sector ( Supply and Transport ), and finally the Mountain sector ( Intercept ) of the Japanese lines. The plan was to encircle, capture and then unseat the commanding officer in each sector and seize the highway by which the supply and transport routes bound the defenders. [Citation not included in official sources]. The Japanese agreed to stop their attack against the South Side to avoid a firefight, but the Germans and Australian survivors of the battle kept the allied forces, south of the line of the 100th Infantry Regiment, engaged. Although the Allies were far ahead of the Japanese in terms of numbers, and the relentless Japanese advance was putting heavy pressure on the enemy, the Americans (led by Brig. Gen. John K. Pershing) saw an opportunity to storm the main highway between the main Japanese lines and the main supply and transport routes. On 1 September 1942, the battle began on the South Side, against the north end of the 100th Regiment, at 6:00 pm with Captain West's five-man reconnaissance platoon in the middle of the beach. By late in the afternoon the platoon was helping defend and operate the supply route against a substantial Japanese counterattack that commenced shortly thereafter. During the fighting over the days that followed, Brig. Gen. Pershing' s 4th Regiment, accompanied by a force of 30 soldiers from Colonel Gavrilov's 3rd Battalion, moved forward to attack the southern enemy defense lines between the main Japanese positions and the coastal patrol. The enemy resistance was heavy, and by afternoon the four American forces had established a strong foothold on the South Side. From 8:00 pm on, the Japanese ground forces concentrated on the northern side of the northern Klongs. Pershing and his regimental command were denied a direct connection with either the 3rd or 6th regiments as they advanced towards the southern shore of the Klongs, on which was being reinforced by one battalion from the 1st Company, between 1 – 5:30 pm. At 4:45 pm, Colonel Pershing's platoon reported that it was under attack from all sides. The Japanese infantry, maneuvering around a hill called <unk>, with powerful machine guns, attacked from the south. Several days later, on 10 September 1942, Pershing finally broke through to the perimeter of the enemy defenders. At 4:45 pm, four men, Btry. G. Young (21) of the 1st Company, rushed forward to reinforce their headquarters.. The combat between Pershing and the Japanese troops, however, had been difficult, and it was not until the evening of 13 September, that Pershing, under heavy fire from the Japanese and the Japanese forces, retook the perimeter. By this time the Allied forces had launched a counterattack and captured the principal Japanese position, <unk>.
Defending against Japanese attacks In spite of the heavy fire from enemy machine guns and mortar guns, the 300-man battalion of the 250th Infantry Division and 3rd Battalion of the 5th Armoured Division were able to repel the infantry assaults of 2 companies of the main Japanese infantry at The Battle of The Battle of The Battle of The Battle of The Battle of <unk>. Though many of the Japanese troops engaged in the assault were casualties from previous assaults, the Japanese and their inadequate artillery damage also played a role. The 4th Battalion of the 9th Infantry Division were sent in to assist the survivors and re-establish the perimeter of the Klongs, but the terrain quickly rendered this ineffective. After 1:00 am on the morning of 14 September, 6 companies of the 250th Division - a reconnaissance platoon ( Cpl. A. T. Weir), two infantry platoons ( Platoon A and Platoon B ), two machine gun companies, a machine gun platoon and a mortar platoon (fireteams D and E ), one artillery battery ( C3), one two-man infantry team ( Platoon A ) and two flamethrower platoons ( Platoon B and Platoon C) - advanced from the Mains side of The Battle of The Battle of The Battle of <unk> and brought the first wave of Japanese defenders under fire. The assault infantry, led by Lance N.D.