 
 = Subtropical Storm Alpha ( 1972 ) = 
 
 Subtropical Storm Alpha ( also called Alfa ) was a rare off @-@ season subtropical cyclone that hit Georgia in May 1972 . It developed from a previously non @-@ tropical cyclone in the western Atlantic Ocean , and initially it moved northeastward off of the Carolinas . The storm turned southwestward due to a building ridge , and concurrently it intensified to become Subtropical Storm Alpha . It produced some storms that reached Hurricane intensity during the rainy season, but usually each storm was brief. The storm had to develop its own thunderstorm, and the storms it produced fell under the category of tropical cyclones. Subtropical Storm Alpha produced flooding, but no significant flooding was observed in nearby states.
Subtropical Storm Alpha, May 1972 ( US NWS Weather Service )  -- On July 11, 1972, severe thunderstorms developed in the tropical Atlantic, the largest of which spread from the Dominican Republic to Central America.
This storm was probably the most intense known tropical cyclone in the Northern Hemisphere that May 1972 ( Uvirenski & Mlynarik 1996, 17 ).
This very intense storm developed on the western front of the tropical Atlantic near the port of Antigua ( US NWS ). It also traveled across the equator near the southern coast of northern Africa, along the Marrakech (Holland) coast of West Africa, and then remained near the equator through the middle of October. It was located near the Equator, about 1300 nautical miles (2200 km) south of Gibraltar, and very low in the western Caribbean Sea.
One hundred fifty-four kilometers (96.7 mi) of total width of this storm reached this location during the landfall, and at ~29 m/s (7900 mph) it was the strongest tropical storm of the year in the eastern Atlantic (or the tropical Atlantic as it was renamed). There were no sustained wind gusts of greater than 5-8 m/s (20-25 mph). The storm's peak intensity was ~54 m/s (1107 mph), and its maximum sustained wind velocity was ~106 m/s (368 mph).
As a subtropical cyclone, it was typical for Subtropical Storm Alpha to produce slight rain accumulation and low visibility, but its thunderstorm created severe flooding along the Atlantic coast. Localized losses of power included reports of damage to non-building systems and dead trees. However, there was no recorded report of losses in the state of Florida, and there were few permanent damage from the storm.
After its landfall near the Antigua coast on July 11, 1972, Subtropical Storm Alpha ( called LRA or LRA-Alpha ) weakened, eventually reaching a tropical depression. By August 24, it had become a subtropical cyclone, and continued on to the Atlantic coastline.
For more information on tropical cyclones, please click on the following links.
Historical Atlantic rainfall records
Subtropical Storm Alpha (also known as Alfa ) was a famous 'lost year' of tropical cyclone landfall in the Atlantic Basin from 1970-1972.  The record only dated back to July 11, 1972, but according to the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, Subtropical Storm Alpha was the least active Atlantic tropical cyclone in that year. The storm's maximum sustained wind speeds averaged only 1.8 m/s (4.0 mph) during its post-surge period, and the storm center typically remained on the eastern Caribbean Sea for only a couple of days. (More information on this storm and the Atlantic hurricane season can be found here.) Subtropical Storm Alpha was a non-tropical storm during its annual Northern Hemisphere landfall, and returned to normal near the Equator on July 12, 1972. It did not produce any significant storms during the more than eight-day rain period that followed the landfall. As a non-tropical storm, Subtropical Storm Alpha was only worth reporting during its subtropical appearance, or LRA, in the eastern Atlantic Basin.
As is usually the case when a tropical cyclone appears on the radar, it has remained low throughout the recorded events in which it appears. For more about the radar-measured intensity of tropical cyclones, please click on the following links.
A record of  Subtropical Storm Alpha's tropical activity (mostly rainfall, but also a few intense storms) can be found here.