 
 = George N. Briggs = 
 
 George Nixon Briggs ( April 12 , 1796 – September 12 , 1861 ) was an American lawyer and politician from Massachusetts . A Whig , Briggs served for twelve years in the United States House of Representatives , and served seven one @-@ year terms as the 19th Governor of Massachusetts , from 1844 to 1851 . 
 <unk> in rural <unk> New York , Briggs studied law in western Massachusetts , where his civic involvement and successful legal practice preceded <unk> political activity . In addition, he served as leader of a veterans group that opposed draft entry during the Civil War. 
The Susquehanna-Northampton Republican of September 9, 1848 published an advertisement, urging the governor to call an election for October 3. "[T]he citizen's voice is needed in all respects," the advertisement stated. The January 4, 1849 issue of the paper reported that over 1,500 "Southerners" had signed a petition to the Federal government "requesting a general election for the purpose of electing representatives to congress which they might demand.... A grand election is required, and the status quo of the United States must be changed." The website Freedom_Center.com displays the latest information on this subject.
The release of the affidavit on the Bradley Assassination in November 1999 occurred after twenty years of silence, as both newspapers in North America have been waiting for a public acknowledgment of the many allegations and challenges that now surround the mysterious incident.
In 2007, the Albuquerque Journal published a preview of a new book titled John F. Kennedy: The Case of a Second Kennedy, based on the documents gathered by self-described conspiracy theorist Gregg Seymour. It is also the subject of a feature by author Joe Marou. In the book, Marou suggests that the Kennedy presidency was "probably assassinated" by the agents of a shadowy group called "R.B.I. in Cozumel" - members of a clandestine group, who were linked to Cuba, Nicaragua, and Iran.
MSM Sympathizers and the Assassination of John F. Kennedy The new book, published by the Los Angeles Times on November 9, 2007, put all the wild theories on hold in order to defend the truth. Seymour, who has been called "the most famous conspiracy theorist on the Internet", claimed that the Kennedy assassination was carried out by anti-Castro Cuban sympathizers who had attempted to recruit Oswald at a Cuban consulate in New Orleans in June of 1963, but were turned away by Fidel Castro. With the help of members of the Bay of Pigs invasion of Cuba, which culminated in the deaths of 5,000 Cuban soldiers and the sinking of the USS Monitor, Seymour claimed the culprits were assassins working for Cuba in an operation to subvert American foreign policy.
The larger conspiracy theory is that the conspiracy, whose beginnings were laid out by Irving Stone in his conspiracy book, The Man Who Killed Kennedy, was masterminded by one man: Jack Ruby. The Ruby/Seymour theory relies heavily on the fact that Ruby (born Nov. 1, 1929) was a long-time Miami resident who worked as a garbage collector, after returning to his native city after a stint as a physical education teacher in Spain. Born to German immigrant parents, he attended St. James public schools, then later George Washington University, where he was an honor student.
Ruby later became one of two Cuban exiles who ran a Catholic Church in Miami. Shortly after finishing high school, he volunteered for the Bay of Pigs invasion of Cuba. Upon his return to the US, he moved to New York City, where he enjoyed a strange "celebrity" status and started out as an actor, and eventually found work in film editing, a career which that led him to the mysterious 1969 murder of  Lee Harvey Oswald in Dallas.
On his deathbed, Ruby explained that he had been recruited by "numerous" Cubans to carry out the assassination. He had previously worked as a teenager in the CIA, where he had befriended the agent Robert Kennedy, the president's older brother. In addition, according to conspiracy theorist Aleksei Chikatilo, Ruby was privy to a number of information about the Warren Commission's investigation, which he believed ultimately determined that Oswald was not the lone assassin.
More recently, Lee Harvey Oswald was linked to the Vatican and the Mafia, among other groups. The FBI seized a bloodstained Oswald's wallet while he was shopping in a Washington D.C. store on the day of the assassination. According to his girlfriend, Catherine Keene, he also had an encounter with a number of persons, some of whom claimed to have ties to a "strange organization", before the assassination. After Oswald was photographed sitting in a car with Ruby outside the Dallas Hotel, another of Ruby's associates, Elmore Leonard, was apprehended by federal agents.