 
 = Elephanta Caves = 
 
 Elephanta caves are a network of sculpted caves located on Elephanta Island , or Gharapuri ( literally " the city of caves " ) in Mumbai Harbour , 10 kilometres ( 6 @.@ 2 mi ) to the east of the city of Mumbai in the Indian state of Maharashtra . The island , located on an arm of the Arabian Sea , consists of two groups of caves — the first is a large group of five Hindu caves , the second , a smaller group of two Buddhist caves . These sites, which have different buildings and entrances, are not exactly the same. The Hindu cave and Buddhist cave at Elephanta were developed in the Buddhist beliefs about the creation of the world (Buddha ) in a stone bowl by the ancient Ayyakannath temple ( an ancient Hindu temple ), and thus maintain their sacred role in the complex- built Eysha temple and other structures. The Buddhist cave is the oldest of the Eysha cemeteries. The reasons of their preservation are the same as the temple caves.
Incidentally, the respective Buddhist temples of Elephanta (Sathyanapuram) and Sikandapuram (Benapuram) are both dedicated to the same ancient native goddess. The Ayyakannath temple in Gharapuram is dedicated to Goddess Citi -Oshamasiputra,the mother of the gods from the Buddhist tradition.
The first Buddhist cave at Elephanta was developed in 590 AD by the Kushan kings of Hindū (also called Mithra ). Since then, the ashrams, too, have become a part of the Eysha  cemeteries. The oldest and most impressive are the Sathyanapuram and Kanyakumari ; the Gharapuram is most famous in recent times. Among the contemporary caves are Ayyakannath, Karnali and Chanchali caves, the latter of which is where we will come to visit soon.
1. * Babur  –  
This is a massive, half-landlocked and partially submerged hydrothermal cave, dated to around 1200 AD (around 3000 BP ).
It is the oldest of the seven kali caves, used for their burial chambers. The kaushikaraish.com article cites them as the oldest ever cave in India.
2.   Bhopinagar  –  
Found on the east coast of India, in the Tirumala district of Andhra Pradesh, Bhopinagar is another ancient water body. This Caves consists of two different deposits. The first is is sedimentary rocks, formed by forest fires that cut into the surface. It contains abundant organic matter and fungi that can be reproduced in a cave.
The second deposit is an open liquid rock, and consists of trees, sediments and clay. At the cave entrance one can see limestone slabs, sandstone dolomite, and sheets of marble, interpreted to indicate that the entrance was constructed of a block of limestone.
There are in it also ten other elements, indicative of the presence of hundreds of human beings.
The view of the cave from outside.
Inside the cave  the rock formations are contorted and broken. A small lake forms a stage for performing rituals. In the background is a freshly deformed shell  and several fish.
Dedication of the first cave, Bhopinagar
Near the entrance of the cave, there is a shrine built of red marble and a image of Kuntanami, the goddess of fertility and religion.
The first cave contained almost 3000 feet of cave space and was over 700 feet deep.
In 1983 a new cave was opened. One thousand years old it was 8 feet deep and took me years of drilling and pumping to reach.
The second cave also took about 2 years of excavation to reach.
It was the latest cave to be created and was located about 25 yards (12 metres) deep. It was built of timbers 6 inches (15 cm) thick.
The fourth and last cave with an important cemeteries is Khadakah Caves, a 28 foot (8 metre) deep and over 15 feet (4 metres) high cave carved by several stone technology methods, from prehistoric age to modern time.
Not too long after the founding of the Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh kingdoms, The Ayyakannath temple was constructed at Bahadur, India, where a Buddhist Temple was also built. Khadakah was situated on the river, a historical place where during the Mahavir dynasty ( 986-1125 AD), there was a Sanskrit sacrifice ceremony.
Khadakah, Karanchali, Kanchali & Zhibungane- Santas are the most famous Caves in India.