 
 = Art in Medieval Scotland = 
 
 Art in Medieval Scotland includes all forms of artistic production within the modern borders of Scotland , between the fifth century and the adoption of the Renaissance in the early sixteenth century . In the early Middle Ages , there were distinct material cultures evident in the different federations and kingdoms within what is now Scotland . Pictish art was the only uniquely Scottish Medieval style ; it can be seen in the extensive survival of carved stones , particularly in the north and east of the country , which hold a variety of recurring images and patterns . In the larger Scottish cities, such as Edinburgh and Glasgow, standing Roman-style plaques and friezes of relief were also painted. Another tradition within art production in Scotland was classical poetry. Widely celebrated among medieval Edinburgh scholars and poets, the Edinburgh School of English poetry flourished from the mid-sixteenth century through to the sixteenth century. The form of poetry in medieval Scotland can be differentiated in one of two ways: firstly, as poetical tapestries, such as those of Duncan Wilkes and David Mamet (both of whom were Scottish poets), who were more interested in pre-history and medieval Scotland, painting; or secondly, as prose poems, such as the travels of Edwin Drood which must have been influenced by the Poetry from the Late Middle Ages, especially the Englishized versions of the works of Poetry, done by Dee and Bede. In spite of the extensive literary activity in Scotland during the middle ages, Scotland was, perhaps, the poorest and most isolated place in the kingdom during that period of its history.
When the Black Death swept through the Middle Ages in the 1320s, Scotland experienced a sudden sense of social isolation and poverty. Following the demise of the last Scottish monarchy in the 17th century, an infusion of fresh blood from central and southern Europe started to alter the balance of power in Scottish society. As this happened, many Scottish colonials found themselves increasingly in need of a wage to pay for the upkeep of their families. Henceforth, many people began to provide labour in the form of blacksmiths, sewers, cookery, craft workers, bookbinders and even laundresses. As a result, Scots produced large amounts of hand-made and black-market crafts for the markets of other nations. As a result, trade continued as usual, but it was more diversified and economically important.   The skilled and heavy-duty work still remains in the craft and trades where the greatest amounts of wealth and power are today. Similarly, the domestic supply and production industries continue to exist and are still highly valued. In contrast to the high level of industrialisation and colonial commercial exchanges at the time of the Black Death, the environment did not remain as organised as in medieval Scotland, where artisan trade was the primary method of social exchange and employment. In addition, in many rural areas of Scotland, as the fertile plain soil began to die, many food crops were relied upon to grow on, and to nourish, the people, thus increasing the necessity for smaller scale crop production in the process.
Although the role of art and decorative arts in medieval Scotland is usually linked with Scottish folk art, art itself has been practiced throughout Europe, particularly in the medieval period. Some of the artworks of the world's greatest medieval artists are usually celebrated in modern museums, including those of Michelangelo, Rembrandt, Botticelli, Goya, Zappa and Degas. The chief work of fifteenth century Edinburgh art (by M.A. Price, John Wade and T.C. Browne)   is also available in the British Museum. Although Medieval Scotland's artists were able to export many of their products to the parts of the world with the financial and military ability to support a widespread commercial culture, there is no direct evidence that their trade activities helped bring goods back to Scotland. It is not known what value the products of Scotland's Moorish and Arabic creditors became in their new national economy.
The Norman Conquest and the Development of an Irish Border
Scotland was, at the time of the Norman Conquest, a key stakeholder in the Anglo-Norman kingdom of England. The north of Ireland was not part of England (or Scotland), and the kingdom of Scotland consisted of three parts, the west of Scotland (the Kingdom of the Isles), the east (the Kingdom of the Scots) and the south (the Kingdom of England). Hence the King of England ( Henry IV) knew that he had to reconcile Scotland with the Protestantism and spirit of the Scottish majority in England. Hence the Treaty of Union ( 1543 ) was signed and extended to the north of Ireland and to the eastern part of England.
Brigid Ammon married Frank William Simons, King of Scots, in the city of Edinburgh, after they were both monks at Ballinasloe.