 
 = Sang Pencerah = 
 
 Sang Pencerah ( The <unk> ) is a 2010 Indonesian film directed by <unk> Bramantyo and starring Lukman Sardi , <unk> <unk> Mecca , and <unk> Rahardjo . It is a <unk> of Ahmad Dahlan which describes how he came to found the Islamic organisation Muhammadiyah . 
 Sang Pencerah , produced to coincide with Muhammadiyah 's centenary , was announced in November 2009 . It was meant to be historically accurate , with much of the <unk> . To produce and re-produce the film, <unk> had taken over the Muslim nation's largest film production studio in Bandung and rented an indoor soundstage in the basement of a former British army barracks in Sultanah Nasional.
<unk> followed in March 2010 with a film about an Australian Muslim who disappeared near Australia, and is now living in a Pakistani prison. The <unk>, as well as with the film depicting Mohamad Yousif, including a bearded Muhammad Marawi, come from the belief that Mohamad Marawi is the main suspect in the killing of Australian missionary Terry Jones, who was killed by unidentified armed men outside his Baptist church in Jakarta in 2003.
The <unk> continued to screen in 2013 and 2014, as well as show on Chinese and Korean channels, including the World Film Festival in Seoul. It also received the prestigious Cannes film festival jury prize in August 2015.
The <unk> has been criticized by some commentators as being too fussy in its depiction of Islam, but the director, Brantyo, has argued that the film's screenplay is based on true events, and that there are no "over-the-top Muslim quotes".
The documentary opens with prayers on screen as a devout woman, believed to be Tahirneh, prays in front of her newborn son. She tells him a story about how at one point in time she was a speaker of the  Qur'an in the city of Jakarta, but her speaking skills were bad. With the film showing her now being a teacher in the Javanese language, I also wondered if she spoke English.
Tahirneh, who clearly had a lot of emotion, opens with a few lines about how today is the day of the creation of the Qur'an, in which she explicitly announces her faith:
By the will of the most high. Thus says the Lord of worlds: The day when we should raise the Qur'an above the heavens, when all should speak the same language, where all should follow the same religion; The day when the Qur'an will be spoken through every person with the same soul. The day when the Qur'an will be opened and admitted to every nation in every land. The day when the Qur'an will be presented through every language as the throne's text. I invite you to witness this that the Word of the Lord is true. 
At this point in the documentary, I asked her to speak English, but she stopped me, so I asked her to explain how she had started her language classes in Javanese, and what the outcomes had been like. She said it was extremely difficult, and that she was sorry it didn't work out, but that she was glad it was possible at all.
In Javanese, a sentence is often "involved" in the first word of a sentence, as in, if a sentence is preceded by a (very) long..., the second word is also (very) long. In the case of my film, the interviewee did a lot of studying, and got good at using Javanese to express speech, but for some reason she just couldn't master the verbal rules.
Thus, the film decides to start out with a short monologue in Tahirneh's native tongue, saying, in brief, how she was inspired to get out of the Jakarta slums to try to become a teacher, and more particularly, how she has met with all the problems and successes of that decision. That was a good impression of Javanese I got from Tahirneh, who was very genuine.
Tahirneh is taken aback by the amount of years it took for her to get an audience, because, as she says, she was a child when she moved to Jakarta. She didn't know any Indonesian, nor did she know any Bengali, but was able to communicate with the other students through the English school in Jakarta. When she approached me to become a teacher, it was with the intention of making a difference, but it didn't work out. Even if it had, she would still have had to put in over 30 years, and if that was all she was doing, that would be a huge setback, she says.