 
 = Grade I listed buildings in Somerset = 
 
 The Grade I listed buildings in Somerset , England , demonstrate the history and diversity of its architecture . The ceremonial county of Somerset consists of a non @-@ metropolitan county , administered by Somerset County Council , which is divided into five districts , and two unitary authorities . The districts of Somerset are West Somerset , South Somerset , Taunton Deane , Mendip and Sedgemoor . West Somerset : The west region of Somerset, of which Somerset County is the largest, comprises two boroughs, St Albans and Bedworth, each with a population of 350,000 inhabitants. Bounded by St Albans Road to the east, Table Brook and Runnymede to the west, Montkerton Road and St Osyth Road to the north and nearby Camden Park to the south-east. West Somerset is a tranquil county with a relatively sparse population, with the exception of Montkerton. South Somerset : The south region of Somerset, of which Somerset County is the largest, comprises two boroughs, Shrewsbury and Bath, each with a population of 300,000 inhabitants. Bounded by Shrewsbury Road to the west, Sedgefield to the south-east, Flerses and London Bridge to the north and nearby Gloucester. South Somerset is the least developed region of Somerset with an average annual household income of £39,503. Bedworth : The Bedworth borough is the most residential with a population of 275,000 inhabitants, of whom 87% live in council flats or townhouses. Bedworth is a council-built townhouse estate, bounded by London Bridge to the north, Gloucester Road to the south-west, Flerses and Malling to the east, King's Road and Bullley Road to the south-west and the M40 to the west. The M40 covers part of Kent and lies along the Thames just to the south of Woolwich. It is a major English regional city,, similar in many respects to Bath. The Barrow-in-Furness metro station and National Gallery of London are just to the north of the M40. Bath : The north region of Bath, of which Bath County is the largest, comprises two boroughs, St Elizabeth and Rochford. The town of Bath has a population of 108,000 inhabitants. Rochford : The Rochford borough is the southernmost borough, and is bounded by Rochford Avenue to the north, Lismore Road to the south-west and London Bridge to the south-east. The borough of Rochford consists of three wards. Its largest ward is St George's Town in the North Court Street area, which has a population of 94,000. The other two wards are St George's Park and Holby City. There are a large number of mixed private and public housing developments in Rochford. Somerset : The county of Somerset comprises two boroughs, West Somerset and South Somerset. West Somerset is the county seat of Somerset County, and comprises the four southwestern boroughs of Carmarthen, High Wycombe, Taunton Deane and West Regent. The non-residential county average annual household income in 2011 was £41,396. South Somerset is a highly developed county, with a significant architectural heritage. There are two urban boroughs, Shrewsbury and Bath. Shrewsbury : The southernmost borough of Somerset, of which Somerset County is the largest, comprises five boroughs : Shrewsbury Central, Shrewsbury East, Shrewsbury North, Shrewsbury South and Shrewsbury West. The office block population of Shrewsbury in 2011 was 756. Shrewsbury is a public town built around the High Street on the town's southern edge, where it intersects with the M40. It comprises a number of central townhouses in central and southern wards, with a strong sense of local identity and a vibrant population of people from throughout Somerset. The development of the High Street and townhouses in Shrewsbury has created a one-of-a-kind and unique local culture, which is reflected in the region's strong arts scene, and an assortment of contemporary eateries, pubs and cafes. The pedestrianised shopping district of Shrewsbury East comprises a variety of boutique shops, shops, restaurants, theatres and nightclubs. Shrewsbury West : The northernmost borough of Somerset, of which Somerset County is the largest, comprises eight boroughs : Shrewsbury, Chilton, Limerick, Cirencester, River Forest, Pooler, Tamworth, Weymouth and Wolseley. Each borough has its own site with a mix of common land and estate, and is about 150,000 inhabitants.