 
 = Training Day ( The Office ) = 
 
 " Training Day " is the twentieth episode of the seventh season of the American comedy television series The Office and the shows <unk> episode overall . It originally aired on NBC on April 14 , 2011 . The episode was written by Daniel Chun and directed by Paul <unk> . This episode marks the first appearance of <unk> Vickers ( Will <unk> ) in the series . 
 The series depicts the everyday lives of office employees in the Scranton , Pennsylvania branch of the fictional Dunder Mifflin Paper Company . The show takes place in the office of Mr. Grunwald, the department manager for the company. While the other employees of the company often struggle to provide their customers with the most reliable and prompt services, Mr. Grunwald and his team are generally seen to be "out to lunch" and "managing business" in their leisure time. The show focuses on the day-to-day activities of the company and its employees, and does not depict any supernatural or supernatural-like phenomenon, such as the Amish or supernatural people from other worlds, supernatural events, or the Gifted and Talented. 
The title of the episode is a play on the words "hack" and "wall," which are commonly heard when two people are talking. This name is also used to refer to the office setting. 
The title and episode title refer to the original title of the office, "L-Word," as well as "Lord of the Office," which would be the last line of the staff members' respective office titles. In the United States, "L-Word" is typically referred to as "that "L-word," "Lord of the "L-Word," or "Glob" in various advertisements and marketing materials; it is also a popular nickname among staff and corporate employees for the main character of the Office episode, Jim Halpert. The phrase "Lord of the "L-Word" also refers to the rest of the staff members' offices. 
The title of the episode is named after the Dunder Mifflin client referenced in the opening credits of the episode. 
The episode's title is a reference to the title of a short story, "Labyrinths," written by John Le Carre and published by Del Rey Comics. The story is set in Dunder Mifflin Corp., a fictitious corporation that is run by CEO Bob LeFever (Thomas Middleditch). 
Since it was released on the DVD set on February 22, 2012, the episode has been nominated for a 13th Season Emmy Award. 
Although there is no direct connection between the movie The Office and the episode, Michael Sheen portrayed Julian LeFever on the TV series. "Julian LeFever" and the character of the main character of the Office episode "L-Word" (or "Lord of the 'L-Word'" ) are also seen in the movie The Office. For instance, the name of the office ("Labyrinths") references "Labyrinth" by French author Edgar Allan Poe. One of the characters from the TV series, Carol LeFever (Erin Brokovich) plays a similar role in the movie The Office. 
Stacey Michaels played Sarah Willing, Pete Rees played Nick Ayoub, and Angela Kinsey played Sally Klugman. 
The Office, which first aired on NBC, ran from May 2002 to May 2006. The show made several appearances in the later seasons, however, the most important episodes were The Office, Before & After, Season Four, Day Off, and The Inbox.
Stacey Michaels is credited as "Robynny Adams" in the title sequence of the episode. 
The idea of the month falling on a Saturday that week is a reference to the episode series M*A*S*H, which actually aired on Saturday nights from the 1970s to the 1980s. 
May is also a reference to the American Heritage calendar, which is meant to represent the United States as a whole, in particular the weeks leading up to the date May 22 (the National Day of the Flag), also known as "Saturday". 
In the episode, Andy Brody, seeing a few shell casings on a chainlink fence (typically just a chain link fence), is confused about the meaning of the sight and decides to go on an "Intervention Course" of sorts. 
The British word for "lunch" is "dumbness", and an example would be when playing a game of dumb luck and taking a few liberties with an opponent's balls, failing to score a homerun or a single. In the American context, one would say "dumb s--t", or "dumbas l--g" as if to put that mentality out of our mind.