 
 = Frank <unk> = 
 
 Air Vice Marshal Frank <unk> , CB , CBE ( 15 July 1914 – 23 December 1976 ) was a senior commander in the Royal Australian Air Force ( RAAF ) . Born and educated in Tasmania , he joined the RAAF as an air cadet in January 1934 . He specialised in flying instruction and navigation before the outbreak of World War II . In April 1941 , he became commanding officer of No. 2 Squadron , which operated Lockheed <unk> . At an air training base on East Hobart in August 1943, he was awarded the DZN for bravery in the face of an attempted roadblock by M4A1 Sherman tankers. He was also awarded the DZN for'standing gallantly for the flag' by New Zealanders. Air Vice Marshal Frank served with distinction at the Battle of Midway, fighting in the air against both Japanese and German fighters. His bravery and tactical genius saw him promoted to the rank of Field Marshal in August 1944.
In late 1943, Frank was appointed deputy commander of No. 2 Squadron and later its Chief of Staff. In March 1944, he was promoted to Vice-Marshal of No. 2 Squadron. This new rank created a position of prominence for the civilian Frank who was welcomed with open arms by the small but enthusiastic crowd at the Royal Australian Air Force ( RAAF ) War College, Pakenham, Victoria. In May 1944, Frank was formally promoted to the rank of Cinque Ports (and while vice-marshal of No. 2 Squadron was now Brigadier-General of the Australian War Academy ). He was eventually demoted back to Captain in June 1945. A former commander of the Imperial Japanese Fleet, he later commanded a naval carrier taskforce which had a disastrous run in the North Sea during World War Two.   He died of stomach cancer on 23 December 1976 in the offices of The Australian Financial Review in Sydney. In an interview conducted in August 2000, Frank mentioned that he felt that he had a burden on his shoulders at RAAF headquarters because of his notoriety and experience. He said that he wasn't selfish but that he had struggled to get along with his bosses. Frank however was supportive of his fellow airmen and was an outspoken supporter of Australia's efforts in the Korean War.