 
 = Papa <unk> = 
 
 Papa <unk> is one of the Shetland Islands in Scotland , with a population of under twenty people , some of whom immigrated after an appeal for residents in the 1970s . Located to the west of mainland Shetland and with an area of <unk> hectares ( 3 @.@ 2 square miles ) , Papa <unk> is the eighth largest island in Shetland . <unk> of the soft volcanic rocks by the sea has created an extraordinary variety of caves , <unk> , arches , <unk> , and cliffs . Giant stalactites, tracery, stalagmites, stone bridges, shelf endings, and living fossil pollen concentrations were all preserved in archaeological sites in Shetland. Tombstones and stone slabs in Papa, and large blocks and boulders in the surrounding valleys show the great importance that the ancestors of the Shetland Islanders placed on the accumulation of strata in their mountainous landscape. 
There are 942 different pieces of evidence in archaeological deposits and palaeo-geographic reconstructions for the occurrence of seven different prehistoric or historic groups from Shetland. Their origins were largely debated in the past but now the distinctive geoglyphs of Shetland are being actively exploited as a taxonomic resource for the study of migratory habits, and trace a distinct regional history that requires further investigation.
The 'living fossils' of Shetland.
Throughout the past 200 years more than 60 years ago, Shetland showed remarkable natural geoglyph reconstructions to inform and improve her geological studies. Few places in the world have been as critically researched as Shetland, and it was all done to raise awareness about the place of the Shetland Islanders in the evolutionary history of the world. See the various lists of information on Shetland in the sections below, and the chapters on Shetland Islands geoglyphs and Herron's diary.
Gnawr Cave, Shetland:
After extensive geological investigations in 1932, Shetland Island was called The Living Fossil Eaters   by Scottish Naturalists, and became the "Nameless Island". In the 1970s, the authorities decided to establish the National Heritage Site at Shetland as a special area where Shetland's cultural heritage could be preserved. Mentioned in The Guinness Book of World Records (1981 ) as the "most fragile collection of fossilized bush-presents", the National Heritage Site of Shetland at present comprises three cave formations, at Saw, Arch & Arch, including a 50m deep arched Arch whose stencilings and geometric grid appears to depict spiders on each of the arches and a shallow crater at the river's edge called Hurtswimmer cave. There are several hundred different cave connections in the cave complex, which are used by a diverse range of animals and birds, from insects to moths, to invertebrates and ruminants, including the great kraken fish living in a wet season. In fact the most ancient living fossils are in the area that is now called 'Gawr Cave', at least 3.5 million years old. The giant sea-fowl, which is thought to be a fish of regional or major importance, were probably living in the core of the older cave-system of Saw during the Eocene Epoch. The cave complex, of which Hag 3, Shetland and Prine, Aberdeen has been the most visited natural place in the world since the discovery of it by Sir David Brewster in 1933, continues to receive intensive research because of the unique, detailed, and well represented geoglyph of Hag 3. And now that their last resting-place has been discovered by an international team of archaeologists and natural scientists, the islanders are almost certain to have an enormous treasure-trove of knowledge to share with the world. An Authorial Song-Book.
The cave complex is now open to the public at all times of the year. Caves have different levels at different times, sometimes large, sometimes less so, and sometimes small, having been continually redecorated since the last discovery. The main level of the cave, the layer 1 is 3m deep and varied in width from 2m to 3m, and is generally one-dimensionally balanced at the core. On the lower layers are several smaller caves, connected by sliding suspension bridges. The collapsed layer that is now known as layer 2 (1 to 3m deep) is about 100m long and 3m wide, and is of some importance. The hole in the floor of Hag 3 at about 19.4m, corresponding to a flat plateau 4m wide, means that it is not continuous with the cave-level. The bottom-level of Hag 3 is known as layer 4. The levels and walls of Hag 3 are perfectly hollow and are filled with between 20 and 100m of silica formed by fossil organic matter.