 
 = 2013 – 14 York City F.C. season = 
 
 The 2013 – 14 season was the <unk> season of competitive association football and 77th season in the Football League played by York City Football Club , a professional football club based in York , North Yorkshire , England . Their 17th @-@ place finish in 2012 – 13 meant it was their second consecutive season in League Two . The season ran from 1 July 2013 to 30 June 2014 . In the previous season the football team made the first day of the season bottom of the table after losing 2-1 against Brighton and Hove Albion. Their return to the top of the table was aided in the 1 – 1 draw with Exeter City on 26 July 2013, coming from a goal down at half time. This was their first tie of the season with a game in hand. The only away game of the season came on 8 September, where they were all edged out by Cheltenham Town 1 – 0, meaning there was not enough points scored to gain promotion, meaning a return to the Football League. The remainder of the season saw the team performing well on the road and in the Charity Shield, having won 2-0 over Guisborough United on 8 October 2013. The 2016 season saw York City Football Club travel to Twickenham for their next home game, and for the first time in 13 years the club played host to League One side, Ipswich Town. On 3 May the team battled back from 2-0 down to take a 2-1 win. The game marked the debut of Kyle O'Brien in goal, who earned his first Championship start for York City, winning all three of his goals in a 4-1 win. During the rest of the season, the club secured a 4th place finish in the division as well as securing a 6th place in the League One table, and a first ever League One Grand Final. The team finished the season well on the back of the best league finish in club history. Even after an embarrassing defeat in the FA Cup Final to MK Dons in June, York City won the league despite conceding 20 times in a 2-1 victory. Overall, they were the league's second highest scorer on 24 goals. They also won the Best Fans' Team award as they were the second highest-ever League One players behind Peterborough United and of course, their progress on the field was helped by a local charity, who lost out on a £20,000 trip to watch the FA Cup Final. Their next league match was against Scunthorpe United on 15 November, when they found themselves two goals up at half-time, before playing the final minute of extra-time to seal the victory. On the game's decisive day of this campaign, the team traveled to Selhurst Park, where they scored three, and a own goal in a 4-3 win to give themselves a 1-0 advantage, but then conceded three goals the following week, making the final score 4-2. This was their first competitive defeat at Selhurst Park since 1955, and at this stage the team were named Team of the Season in League One. The team started the second half of the season in top form. They have managed to set a new record for most consecutive league wins in Division Two, and they have only lost one league match so far. However, in late January, some bad luck really caught up with them as they had already lost the league opener at Huddersfield, and after doing very well away from home in the league, lost 2-1 away at Plymouth Argyle, falling just short of the play-offs. The team started their league campaign in the penultimate match of the season, where they suffered an early defeat to Doncaster Rovers, 0-0, ending the season in 6th place. Despite being in the bottom half of the league, their play-off performance meant they finished above the low-table Rhinos. It was not until the end of the season that the team returned to Championship form, beating Oxford United 2 – 1 in the final home match of the season. This game was York City's second consecutive away league game, but their first in the Premier League. Back in the Championship on 15 August, the team visited Mansfield Town at home and this time they drew 1-1. The team played five of their next seven matches away from home, winning all of them, including a 2-0 away win at St Anns Athletic, and a 7-0 win at Shrewsbury Town. They were out of the Championship at the end of August when they lost 2-0 to another Championship side, Crewe Alexandra, after holding a comfortable lead for much of the match.