 
 = New Year 's Eve ( Up All Night ) = 
 
 " New Year 's Eve " is the twelfth episode of the first season of the American comedy television series Up All Night . The episode originally aired on NBC in the United States on January 12 , 2012 . It was written by Erica <unk> and was directed by Beth McCarthy @-@ Miller . The episode also featured a guest appearance from Jason Lee as Chris and Reagan 's neighbor and Ava 's boyfriend , Kevin . The title of the episode is a reference to the legend of Lot's wife (also a reference to Nautilus ), a boat from the Bible. The episode is similar to the episode Contagion, in that it features Chris, Laura, Renesmee, Ann, and a former slave. Also, the episode is also similar to the episode The Tea Party Kid, where Laura was present in the tea party. This particular episode also references the group's relationship with Mr. Kennedy. A poster of the real-life actor's name is shown below the President: President Barack Obama (seen speaking by speakerphone) on the episode website lists his favorite actors as George Clooney, James Cromwell, Simon Pegg and Matt Damon.

A pilot episode of the pilot of the series was posted online on January 13, 2012. The episode was a continuation of "Pretty in Pink."

In another small reference to the production company, a commercial for Supermarkets (shown below, left) featured a twister machine instead of the super mutants.

Reception

Official description

The first season of "Up All Night" features one of the most critically acclaimed dramas on television and a time-travel story that proves it can reach heights all its own.

As seen in this webisode, Up All Night features an all-star cast, including Renesmee and Sean Astin as Jindrax; Carly Rooney as Laura; Alex Karpovsky as 'Nyah'; Jason Lee as Chris; and Ronny Chieng as Reagan.

The series is only available on Netflix, meaning there is no U.S. streaming outlet that can be accessed by international viewers, but an international release might occur at a later date.

A webisode titled "So You're His Lover, Bro?" was posted on January 13, 2012. This webisode is a tribute to New York based film director Steven Spielberg, who directed the series, and features Sean Astin as Joe (the boyfriend) and Arturo Rodriguez as Miller. However, Steven Spielberg also directed this webisode.

Quotes

In this episode, Chris has just lost the greatest year of his life - a house, a new job, a new girlfriend and a baby. New year's eve also means New York City's apartment building, known as 33 The Fillmore, is on fire. As Chris rushes to his neighbor's door, Laura, Renesmee, Sean and a former slave arrive with a fire truck. Renesmee asks Chris if he knows who it is, and asks him if they should let the three of them in. Chris replies, "I didn't even know they were there." as Laura approaches them, giving them a chance to listen to the flash drive. Jindrax is really upset by the possibility of Laura and his boyfriend going up to be lovers. She wonders if maybe he should be at the party instead of jumping to marriage, as he had thought. Miller suggests he and Jindrax should be together instead, though Renesmee insists they should not. The three look at each other, still standing, with various looks of confusion, as they look up to the sky to see a big rock. Jindrax asks Laura to marry him, and Laura says, "What about him? What about us? Is he with us? Is it ever going to be? Is it ever going to end? Why do we keep missing it? I don't know." Mike, who has been watching the show from across the country, spots Jindrax and says, "That's Justin Johns' character!" Chris laughs as he goes outside. Laura hears the thunderstorm outside, then the flash, then remembers - it's New Year's Eve, and "maybe there's even a happy ending" to get to. Laura says, "I don't know, but the end of the world is definitely over." You can see in the trailer here what is under the rain... a giant freaking rock!

On September 11, 2011, Episode One of the first season was released on iTunes and the networks' website. It peaked at #1 in its first week in iTunes, and ranked #1 among the comedy shows on cable and on HBO. As part of the download, they made an edited version of the "Pretty in Pink" episode "Headlights.