 
 = Cyclone Graham = 
 
 Cyclone Graham of the 2002 – 03 Australian region cyclone season was a weak tropical storm that affected Australia during late February and early March 2003 . Graham originated from an area of convection that emerged onto water after sitting over Australia on 23 February . The interaction with a monsoon trough formed an area of low pressure that developed into Tropical Cyclone Graham on 27 February . According to an analysis of the precipitation at 24 hr, Graham rapidly lost strength and dissipated by 4 hrs into an intense tropical cyclone. Cyclone Graham continued to affect Australia throughout the third day of its development, with moderate wind gusts over 110 km/h in north-central and western Australia and gusts over 120 km/h in the Northern Territory. Two days after its formation, Graham was the second strongest cyclone on earth to have been observed since the Laki phenomenon of November 1997.
Eric R. Johnson = 
At 0355 on 24 February 2003, Cyclone Billy was 5 km high with a major storm surge reaching 100 meters. The pattern of low pressure building over the land produced an extreme high pressure trough that tracked eastwards for several hours, saturating the coast and equatorial Indian Ocean with a large amount of precipitation. In this trough, weather systems directly off the coast of northern Australia accumulated over 18 mm ( 0.1 inches ) of rain in four hours. Although the storm surge reached high water in Western Australia, the river before it stalled, curtailed tidal flows, and disabled local infrastructure.
The current arrangement of moisture distribution on the coast of Western Australia compared to a purely dry environment (without a vast patch of fog ) was influenced by this exceptional rain, but during storms the unusual network of fluid troughs has generated rainfall of above 40 mm (0.3 inches) in the past 30 days. Because no day of the season was "dirty" in the sense that the resulting runoff could not be used as a navigable and low-cost river channel, you could say that the storm "thrashed" the region.
Eric R. Johnson and David T. Taylor = 
Naval Scientist David Taylor takes an inventory of storm surges in the Red Sea (south of Alexandria) during the Cyclone Billy season. He uses NARGCP model model plot to illustrate how water durations are influenced by the water circulation in the top 500 m of water column. Blue = period before landfall (i.e. before onset of high tide). Red = period following landfall (i.e. after high tide). With storms in our timeline, we should expect a max sea level rise of up to 4.5 cm (0.36 inches) by the end of the century (global average sea level in 2007 is 6.42 cm (0.46 inches). Our current estimate that we will have to move to a 0.3 cm sea level rise in the next 50 years (global average) is 2.6 cm.
Richard Hornigren = 
Billy is an example of the cumuliform circulation (black arrow, below), which is dominated by a cool, dry event that produces rain and heavy snow in the central mountains of central Australia. The land surface warms as the cold breeze blows through the high mountains. This convection delivers moist air to the low-lying regions, and the warming of the high mountains delivers more moisture to the dry regions. It turns out that the low-level warming itself creates the formation of clear-cutting and thick spruce and fir forest. The high-level snowfall event changes the winds around and creates a trough of circulation.
Billy means "the cloud" in the local Marlboro American slang.
Derek Olsen and John Malley = 
In dry seasons the upper reaches of the atmospheric circulation are activated in the winter and dormant during the summer. Dry-season storms are seasonally variable in Australia. The Palmer River flooding demonstrates how the Palmer River seems to be in a dry state, except during blizzard days.  Since the swells are seasonal, one-day high tides are important for the coastal flora and fauna. The characteristic wave flow of an ephemeral longwave boundary condition (LLC) wave inversion and its possible future role in the Mars [ Piazza and Wittelstaedt 2010 ] was investigated by Derek Olsen and John Malley of the University of Sydney. The observations were obtained over a large area of the east coast of central Australia in winter and summer. By using a [ Piazza and Wittelstaedt 2010 ] longwave-interaction model, they simulated the dynamics of a Bremner region (east-central part of the Sabina River Valley ) and 3 metre sea level changes.
Eric R. Johnson and David T.