 
 = M @-@ 108 ( Michigan highway ) = 
 
 M @-@ 108 was a state trunkline highway in the US state of Michigan . The highway followed <unk> Street , although some maps also labeled it as the Mackinaw Highway . The road was on the boundary between Emmet and Cheboygan counties . 
 The original M @-@ 108 designation dated back to 1928 . This version was transferred to local control in 1957 , but revived later under a different routing in 1960 . Michigan Metals Route Map, 1953 
Source : 1970 Michigan State Highway Agency map of a freestanding road in Crum's Lake and Leelanau counties, Mn. 
The California Highway Patrol painted the roads back in 1949. The road was marked as the Glenn R. Rigg Reservoir Highway. The road was officially renamed the Glen Rigg Reservoir Highway in 1961, and was gradually rerouted over the following 25 years. In 1969, the first section of the highway was finished and opened to vehicular traffic. The asphalt was located on Michigan's Eastern shore, between counties of Lapeer and Batavia. The C-1690 already in use there was rapidly overtaken by newer technology such as concrete and aluminum piping that could be ordered up from Continental or other suppliers. This was the second road built by the California Highway Patrol, following the C-739R, which ran from Concord to Bayfield, Alameda county in the San Francisco Bay area. The C-1690 continues along the Glen Rigg Reservoir Highway through the Kennedy Park area on Highway 180 to just south of Winter Park, Minn. After all the miles of gravel and gravel filled in, the road was widened on the way to Sandy Hook and the state highway ending at Roseau. The work took over three years, from May 1 to December 31, 1975, and it was completed on time, 60.8 million miles of asphalt and 60.7 miles of concrete for a cost of $2.1 million. 
The elevated concrete ramps that ran the length of the road came down around 1974 and were replaced with new, higher grade concrete which is still in use today. The low sided trucking platform was built to improve the parking lot height, even though the work destroyed a 1930's style tire dock. Some early photos show the stone construction of the ramp below street level. The late 1970s marked the completion of the Grade 3 construction project, in which the grade of the road was raised to 18 inches, with part of the pavement upgraded to concrete. The final section of the 18 inches of concrete was erected in 1978. The first grade of the Glen Rigg Reservoir Highway from 5th Avenue to Interstate 75 in Little Rock was extended from 5th Avenue in 1999. The final, continuous grade is the same as the county road, with an urban county street like the dirt road it runs along and the surface of the hilltop behind it. This is the same pavement design as on the Super Trail in Nebraska and other private roads. This highway was also the US' first paved dual 3-lane system with pavement that's all uphill. The 5th Avenue section of the Glen Rigg trail from Chicago to Tacoma, Washington, has the highest speed limit on the west coast, except on a few high mountain roads like the North Creek in California, although this is probably a 50/50 split. The road itself is divided by 2 different access points: the steep hill to reach 4th Avenue and the winding hills to reach 5th Avenue. It is very good for most off-road riding. Its the only state highway in the US with a 5-ft. curb.  This paved dual-lane road with steep hills and forests is called the "Vine Trail " because the first signs were put up here in 1977. The road goes through the Imperial Valley and Sun Valley, both popular communities in Idaho.  The Vines are mostly younger people who move in or out frequently. They stay in their new homes for a while then move back in. This has become quite popular to get to anywhere in the Idaho Valley. A lot of the roads go through these areas and the springs and wine country that surround them. This is mostly growing fruit and vegetables for the soylent kitchen, and commercial grapes. This is also good for tree planting, so there's something to be said for getting down into the local hills to cut and use the branches for the ground root systems. "The Vine Trail" is actually the historic "Vine Trail " from Idaho's Great Northern Industrial Park to Twin Falls. This area, once made up of shipping outfitter factories and warehouses, now consists of quaint little farms, vineyards, and redwoods that rise up from the hilltops and valleys.