 
 = Simon Bradstreet = 
 
 Simon Bradstreet ( baptized March 18 , 1603 / 4 – March 27 , 1697 ) was a colonial magistrate , businessman , diplomat , and the last governor of the Massachusetts Bay Colony . Arriving in Massachusetts on the Winthrop Fleet in 1630 , Bradstreet was almost constantly involved in the politics of the colony but became its governor only in 1679 . He served on diplomatic missions and as agent to the crown in London , and also served as a commissioner to the New England Confederation . He was placed in charge of the War of Spanish Succession in 1671, and as a result was appointed to the office of Lord Chancellor of England (from July 5, 1682) and President of the Colonial Office from July 6, 1683, and governor of the colony from July 6, 1686. During his tenure as governor, Bradstreet had major influence over the colony's policy, and his policies included attempts to put down the Native American Indians, and building the fort at Plymouth on the Massachusetts shore. During his term of service in England, he and his family were issued 1,300 pairs of shoes (1683 – 1687), and he was a leader of the Ashburton Society, an inter-family charity that supported the poor in England. In 1690, he married a French-born woman named Poulenc, who settled in Cape Cod and died there in 1693. From 1689 – 1691, Bradstreet served as deputy governor of New York. In this capacity, he played a crucial role in the colonial movement for liberty from the British Empire. In July 1691, he and John Adams met secretly in the Newport Beach Barracks, having reached a compromise on terms of their political alliance. Throughout the colony's settlement period, the other colonists reacted with horror at the public display of military might and power; but with this agreement in place, Bradstreet and the colonists looked forward to a bright future. On April 14, 1692, the Confederation of the Colonies met to elect a second governor. Under the new terms of the settlement, Bradstreet became the third governor. John Adams, during his campaign for the presidency in 1689, accused Bradstreet of corruption and upbraiding the governor for his refusal to sign a "country resolution" authorizing the collection of British tax. Although Adams lost the election, Bradstreet, who was over 80 years old, remained in his office as the vice president of the Confederation. For the next two years, he engaged in a complicated conflict with Adams over the treaty between England and the colonies. The governor was not content to simply wait out Adams's presidency. He appointed William Plumer, the son of a New England Gentleman, to be his chief secretary, and Plumer wanted to seize Boston. The Governor's Council (a group of eleven officials in charge of various operations) was made up of the three Boston representatives (Jonson, Bradstreet, and Fortescue). The Plumer/Bradstreet faction of the Council denied the authority of the council to attempt a seizure of the city, but it was the Governor himself who attempted to seize the city. In the end, in 1701, the British imposed a monopoly on tea imported into the colonies, and Bradstreet declared war against the colony in the spring of 1702. At the court martial trial of May 11, he was declared a traitors. He was executed on May 18, 1702. Though over 80 years old, he died in his sleep at his home on Deer Island, Cape Cod, on August 18, 1733.
Equality in education was the primary goal of the Massachusetts Bay Colony, but as its political influence and monetary success grew, so did its social standing. The colony passed a number of laws creating educational opportunities and establishing educational institutions, including John Stuart Mill's first laws of education. In 1703, for example, the colony passed the Massachusetts Bill of Rights, including a requirement for each citizen to teach four other citizens and at least two infants, and a general right of children to attend public schools. Although most of the colony's college graduates did not become clergy, such service was encouraged by the colony's minister Samuel Shepherd and the Massachusettans' confidence in the laws that created education, which made school attendance mandatory. The Education Act of 1729 also made it mandatory for each citizen to attend at least two summer schools for free. As the colony's economic success increased, so did its social standing. There were many liberal and public schools in the colony, including Dartmouth College and the Boston Coll. Quaker institution. As time passed, new laws and institutions were created. For example, in 1728, the general assembly created the Commissary General for Massachusetts, a post that had been created in 1714 under the Massachusetts Charter. The Commonwealth also introduced private schools, which became in effect a political tool, even though the education was not for profit.