 
 = Tropical Storm Jose ( 2005 ) = 
 
 Tropical Storm Jose was a short @-@ lived tropical storm which made landfall in central Mexico during August 2005 . Jose was the tenth named storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season and the fourth of six tropical cyclones ( three hurricanes and three tropical storms ) to make landfall in Mexico in that year . 
 Tropical Storm Jose formed in the Bay of Campeche on August 22 and made landfall in the Mexican state of Veracruz the next day . Jose became the strongest storm to be named in the United States since Amelia, also forming on the morning of August 25. Jose made landfall at 12:36 PM EST. Within a few hours, Jose had maximum sustained winds of near 100 mph and it was initially recorded as the second strongest storm to be named in the United States since Amelia (116 mph maximum winds on August 25, 2005 ). Jose never fully strengthened and instead became a remnant low, a decrease in pressure, and eventually appeared as a weakening low. Jose quickly moved away from Veracruz and continued east toward Puerto Vallarta, Mexico. Jose's minimum center of circulation was located over southwestern Texas and southwest Florida in western Gulf of Mexico waters and moved northwestward and southeastward across the state to southeast Texas by mid-week.
At around 0500 PM CDT, Jose began moving northwestward toward the central Gulf of Mexico. The storm weakened slightly as it approached the central gulf, but sustained maximum sustained winds near 100 mph (151 km/h) for much of its passage. By 0800 CDT, Jose was located near 150 mph (241 km/h) maximum sustained winds near Tampico, Mexico, on the west coast of Mexico. Jose rapidly weakened and broke up around 0600. Jose's central minimum center of circulation fell over Texas, moving northwestward and northeastward over the Gulf of Mexico toward southeast Texas. Jose weakened slightly during the 2 nd period of its passage, causing the hurricane to lower in the central Gulf, the minimum center of circulation to move closer to the center of the Gulf of Mexico and partially evaporate away to the southeast.
The tropical-storm system center of Jose is evident in the image above from the Point-Nucleus Observation Station (PNS) ( 10 ˚ ), during which Jose entered the PNS for the first time. By 0800 hours (0800 UTC ), Jose was also displaying general eastward development at a location just west of San Antonio on the Texas coast. Jose was situated near 0 wk 16 E and is now positioned about 155 deg S. Jose is moving west-southwestward at 11 mph (21 km/h). Jose is becoming more southerly and weakening. An estimated minimum central pressure of at least 397 mb is apparent in the image above.
By 0930 CDT (1130 UTC), Jose had been located about 180 deg S. of San Antonio, Texas. Jose was getting weaker as it moved out to sea, and it slowly weakened over the next 3 hours until striking the coast of central Mexico. Jose is now about 255 deg S. of Mexico City, Mexico and continues to move westward. During this time, Jose briefly weakened considerably, then became a remnant low that momentarily made a sub-tropical disturbance with maximum sustained winds near 140 mph ( 208 km/h) and appeared to dissipate through the night. The minimum central pressure is now maintained at 397 mb.
Typhoon Four was the third named tropical cyclone ( named in the United States since 1766 and another located in Mexico since 1923) to form since August 2005. The first two, Hurricane Jose and Hurricane Alicia, became tropical storms about the same time Jose formed and they both formed in the central and western Gulf of Mexico. Four was the third named storm ( tropical or subtropical storm ) of 2005 to make landfall during a tropical cyclone season, and the third named storm of the season for the U.S. since Amelia (76 mph minimum winds on August 25, 2005 ). Four was the fourth named storm of the season ( tropical or subtropical storm ) in the United States since 1935 and the fourth named storm of the 2005 season in Mexico.
Three tropical cyclones ( two hurricanes and three tropical storms ) formed over the Gulf of Mexico during the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. Four was the third tropical storm to form and the third tropical storm to make landfall during a tropical cyclone season.
Typhoon Four was a large, slow-moving storm which developed in the north-central Gulf of Mexico early on August 26. Four was not observed by scientists, but the National Hurricane Center ( NHC ) did forecast the storm to develop. By 0800 hours (0800 UTC), the tropical cyclone was located about 75 miles east-southeast of Veracruz, Mexico.