 
 = Vitamin D ( Glee ) = 
 
 " Vitamin D " is the sixth episode of the American television series Glee . The episode premiered on the Fox network on October 7 , 2009 . It was written by series creator Ryan Murphy and directed by <unk> Keene . In the episode , glee club director Will Schuester ( Matthew Morrison ) pits the male and female club members against each other for a mash @-@ up competition .  The females make more tweets than the males, however, the showrunners felt that the females were not "tweaking it up enough" and so the fans were not getting the humour and humour was being "trickled down to them". For this reason, the series changed their glee club in the episode, turning them into the Teen Mom 4 girls
" Gillian is always making it good." -Ryan Murphy
" Miley's mannequin is totes adorable." - Ryan Murphy
" I don't even know why they got over there (inaudible)" - Ryan Murphy
Some of the tweets do look funny. These are the "trigger tweets" that came back to nadia & her daughters ( to use her friend, daughter's words)
"What the hell is that?! Lol. I forgot I was txting that and tried to correct it and that she was referring to the real Noah Bayat (INAUDIBLE) a few tweets back. Shoved my laptop away from my body. It got really warm." - Isaac Nye ( Where's Hannah )
"He's really sexy. I love him so much. These picetures? They're making my dick hard!" - Jon Benjamin ( Post )
"...the comments were good but " if you look hard enough... you will find yours." - Kirika ( Heidi Montag )
"Once again @soundbites audio is better than our quality!" - Justin Chon ( Kool Aid Kool)
" Is this a robot account or a robot account? My twitter bio is stupid, making the twitter ad with me and my cat attracted 20K people!" - Saahchan (Space Bird and The Pilot )
" I've never liked any of these guys. Just look at @noahbayat they are a bunch of sexist pricks." - Kat Perry ( Pink )
" What are you, a fanboy or something?! What is your account called! We have her! She's fake! We have her! It's fake!" - Savannah (Saved by the Bell : The Musical)
"Congrats, boyz! Do you like this picture? #Fakegirlstory" - Christina Aguilera (Ugly Girl )
" #Fanboys join us tonight for an awesome night of fun. Sit back, relax, and enjoy the Party! Join us on Twitter @ 1pm CT and be the first to know when #FailGlee premieres on Fox!
"Does it get me chills?" - Kat Stoeffel (In Search of a Nigga)
" #banana #glee #chocolate #dawg #cake #pancakes #dawgly #ohhitsforfree #douche #giveaway #stingy #fangirls #glee #gigglegirls" - Travis (The Waitress )
A teenage girl takes a sip of kryptonite in the 4th episode of Glee. She gets caught when tweeted. She was embarrassed to notice in the last episode where a kid from the gang made fun of her. Despite she knows the younger crew were more like her age, she ended up being the one to break it and tweet. Then she met her real ( apparently real ) age! Soon, she realized the old crew hated her.
"To be honest I'm just curious what happened to that girl in the green wig. #gf22" - Rachel ("Glee")
"Oh yikes, this is going to be a real story!" - Zoe ( Marry Me )
"Watching this is going to suck even harder!" - Kiritani Melon ( Maci Bookout )
"So basically half my followers are into girls and the other half of the other half are into boys and while I'd call myself a girl I don't feel like one.   I can't even muster up the confidence to say I want to be called 'girly' because I'm kind of too old for that." - Hana "Kenny" Kaskade ( The Devil Wears Prada )
"Boys on Glee '11 r Us Momma!" - Chelsea Peretti (about Lea Michele)
"  Come to think of it, I don't want a man in my life.