 
 = Greens Ledge Light = 
 
 Greens Ledge Lighthouse is a <unk> lighthouse in Connecticut , United States , off the southwest end of the Norwalk Islands , Long Island Sound , near Norwalk , Connecticut . It is on north side of the west end of Greens Ledge , west of Norwalk Harbor a mile south of the entrance to Five Mile River at <unk> , and just over a mile southwest of Sheffield Lighthouse . Completed in 1902 , it was constructed by the Philadelphia Construction Company . There is also a nearby 1911 submarine located at the dock. It is named after the lighthouse official who oversaw the construction and maintenance of the lighthouse. It consists of three main sections. The upper section was purchased by the city in 1913. The lower section is owned and operated by the U.S. Coast Guard. The bright and spacious lower part is backlit by four 15" tubes placed in a pattern designed by Fr. Aloysius X. Henry, who is mentioned in the 1888 patrol report. Located in the forested area, the lighthouse has spectacular views of the beach and Long Island Sound. Currently, there is one 30-foot transmitter near the easternmost side of the top of the walls.
The lower section has several "pipes" leading out into the woods. This lighthouse also has an eight-foot bridge on the north side of the lighthouse that connects to a second lookout tower that has a lighthouse design. Both tall structures are closed to the public at night. 
The upper section houses the telephone installation and receiver and its overhead wire cable exits through the top of the tower. The radio installation and antenna sit on the southern end of the lower section. The receiver is placed on the westernmost section of the tower and the transmitter is just out of view on the northern side. 
The 1851 and 1864 New York Company Manual is a compulsory instruction manual that was required to be read for all new subscribers before their initial subscription was accepted. At the base of the main mast on the upper section is a clockwork equivalent of a secondary sight, which is operated by a three-position switchboard. When the clockwork hand is placed on the tertiary level (42°) its rotation rate is very fast. At 12 o'clock the clockwork hand falls to the next level (22°) and then reaches the smallest position (21°) before stopping again. The clockwork hand is in complete motion whenever the dial is turned to the twelve o'clock position. The secondary sight is located above the clockwork hand.   On the lower section are three horseshoe bars. Each side has a rotating (11°) tiller and a rotating (21°) tiller. The left side of the upper section contains a telephone transmitter that is similar to the location at the Great South Bay, Australia. It is used to receive and transmit telephone calls. 
Below are some images of the two newspaper obituaries that were issued on January 25, 1895. The obituaries were published the day before the elevator and lighthouse were completed and read in each city. The local coastguard official who oversaw the construction was Frank Duffey. 
The two photographs are of the tower and radio mast. 
From the rear of the bridge, are two photos of the south-southwest corner of the island. These photographs were taken on September 6, 1897. The photos were taken by the fishermen on an island called Wiegand Island that lies off the eastern shore of Long Island. 
Next is an image from the newspapers of December 3, 1899: This photograph is of a road that runs parallel to the railroad tracks, up a hill towards the large aerodrome where the Eagle has her home. The spring sailing season was in progress at this time. 
A view from the west end of the rock looks down on the northern part of the island. A marker on a brushwood is on the island's northern part. A building at the edge of the rocky bay is on the eastern shore. There are five more large turbines on the west end of the island. 
The proposed plans for the gymnasium were developed and approved by the Planning Commission. 
The New York Times reported the economic advantages of the gymnasium in the following August: 
"The one important advantage that comes to our gymnastics and arts for paying the debt that is due to the municipality, in the form of the estate that is on the island and which has to be tended by the city for two or three years to come, is that there are no buildings for the duration of the next building season. The city will take care of the buildings, and then we will have our gymnasium to attract the best and most free dancers that the country has, and to give them a chance to get a hold of the strongest gymnasts that New York has.