 
 = Chagas disease = 
 
 Chagas disease , also known as American <unk> , is a tropical parasitic disease caused by the <unk> Trypanosoma cruzi . It is spread mostly by insects known as Triatominae or kissing bugs . The symptoms change over the course of the infection . In the early stage , symptoms are typically either not present or mild , and may include fever , swollen <unk> nodes , <unk> , or local swelling at the site of the bite . At later stages, symptoms are severe, which include bleeding, fever, difficulty breathing, and severe headaches. Chagas disease affects many different geographic areas, and the geographic distribution and incidence of the disease varies dramatically from country to country.
Patients
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) classifies Chagas disease into 3 stages : prodromal stage, obvious-stage, and subclinical stage. The probable >0.5% of chagas patients don't exhibit symptoms. In contrast, patients with chagas who don't develop symptoms have an acute and rapidly progressive outbreak, with long disease-related survival. These patients are found in sub-Saharan Africa, Latin America, and Europe. In the early stage, there are no symptoms, but the bite site is often easily accessible, and the person becomes ill almost immediately. About 80% of people with chagas don't have fever or any other signs and symptoms. In the prodromal stage, the fever may persist for weeks or months, and sometimes years, in otherwise healthy people. In the early stages of the disease, the disease can remain quite persistent for a period of time, such that even after symptoms disappear, the chagas-infected patient can re-infect the body.
They also have blood-thinning capabilities that prevent them from feeling well. There are no symptoms. A broad spectrum of symptoms is observed, although some of these are very serious. These include fever, vomiting, heavy bleeding, fever, tiredness, headache, fever, muscle pain, diarrhea, abdominal pain, shortness of breath, diarrhea, irritability, muscle pain, diarrhea, fatigue, malaise, achy skin, nausea, vomiting, vomiting, and dizziness. Erythema, irritability, and swelling are also common, and sometimes facial redness, swelling of the lips, or skin eruptions may be present. These changes may not appear for up to 6 months after the onset of the chagas disease. Many people with chagas experience these symptoms for years and years. About half of chagas patients don't develop symptoms, and others may only be mildly symptomatic.
During the prodromal stage, there is an increase in body temperature, thinning of the skin, and dry, blistering of the skin, all of which usually occur within the first several hours of the person's travel. Other symptoms include: (1) inability to recognize a sick person, (2) swollen lower abdomen, and (3) high fever. In the apparent-stage, the patient has mild to no symptoms, and is usually unaware that he or she has contracted chagas. In the subclinical stage, the clinical signs appear, but the person may have no symptoms. A further indicator of the severity of the disease is the chagas-infected patient's behavior during the recovery period. Not recognizing the illness, even when he or she is feeling well, is a common manifestation of subclinical chagas.
The signs and symptoms associated with chagas disease may change over the course of the disease, although the 4 stages of the disease appear to be fairly stable. This is the case for most of the general infectious diseases. Chagas disease is spread primarily by kissing bugs. There is an unprovoked bite of a kissing bug, and the person with the infected bite is found by that person or his or her friends or relatives, usually within a few days of being bitten. When a person is infected, the parasite is present in the saliva, and cannot be removed from the person or placed in a container (such as a pill, syringe, or cloth ). It is able to survive on the body through the the skin, and because it is not transmitted through the air, any source of introduction is a high-risk event.
One of the easiest ways to get chagas disease is by being bitten by a kissing bug. During the day, kissing bugs don't normally bite, and they frequently bathe. Between a person's feet and the ground, they cover up the bite of the biting bug, and it is not noticed until the bug bites again, in the late evening. At night, the bug leaves the person's body and is picked up by another person.