 
 = LiSA ( Japanese musician , born 1987 ) = 
 
 Risa Oribe ( <unk> <unk> , Oribe Risa , born June 24 , 1987 ) , better known by her stage name LiSA ( an acronym of Love is Same All ) , is a Japanese pop singer @-@ songwriter from <unk> , <unk> , signed to <unk> under Sony Music Artists . After aspiring to become a musician early in life , she started her musical career as the vocalist of the indie band Chucky . She announced that her fans would get to hear more of her song and with it the production of new music. She was popular among the Sonic Youth, Namie Amuro, and Girls' Generation fans as her songs had strong catchy melodies. She appeared on countless other songs such as "Don't Take Your Time", "HOLY SHIT", "Stupid Feeling", and "Oi! Chucky". "HOLY SHIT" was the first song of LiSA's career to become popular, reached number 1 in Japan, and won the Oricon Best Music Album "Kikanohaku Kanshi Tokyo" in February 2007. Her debut single "CHILDY" hit #1 in Japan for four weeks in the summer of 2010 and earned her popularity among the Japanese artist community. Risa Oribe is based out of Tokyo, a popular, luxury lifestyle & shopping center in Tokyo, Japan. Her mix of dancehall and pop-rock is reminiscent of One Direction's Live Nation culture. Oribe is well known for being open to singing in Japanese. After graduating college, she made her debut as a singer under the name Lee Theanii (直担志 合), aka Big Sister Li. In May 2014, her second album was released titled 「印屋を残った」 ( Ri and Cho are Awesome ) and her popularity skyrocketed. Her image became hot popular because of her song "CHILDY" which became #1 in the Japanese pop charts for four weeks in the summer of 2010. After gaining popularity, she went on to stage a new pop song, titled "HOLY SHIT" with her top ranked "WOAA" debut in August of 2014. She is one of the most successful singer of Japanese young artists. She uses a variety of instruments, including ballads, jazz, classical and fusion, to sound and deliver her beautiful and candid voice. Her singing voice differs greatly from most of other singing idols. She does not have a traditional singing voice like the ones of Girls' Generation and Namie Amuro. She uses a deep delivery like Idol Atsushi, a deep voice like Hayate. Her singing voice is described as somewhat raspy. Her singing voice is well rounded with many different styles of using it in different styles such as its'staged' R&B version. This style does not have that many vocal chords and thus can be used in more unique songs like "REAL TIME" by Kiss and "SHADOW KING" by Toa Nami, who is the singer and manager of all her co-stars, including Risa Oribe herself.
Lee Theanii (直担志 合) is a Japanese singer. Born in 1983, he gained attention at school and participated in solo activities with his members. At that time, he was learning to play saxophone at a conservatory. He then moved to Tokyo to join <unk> in 1995. His name is a mix between Jefri and Kimchi since both are Korean. He had an education in music composition and the Pyschostudy school in South Korea. <unk> went on to make a successful career after its formation in 1995 and is known by its 1st group Lee Won Suk (원도안), and its 2nd group AHA (품이용). In 2006, E-Sports Club was founded. They are known as the group with only 2 members, Lee Won Suk (원도안) and Inri of <unk>. He is known for his style of drawing lyrics from the parts of his song. If a song is written from the key part, it will be dubbed in English. He likes to draw inspiration from words in the lyrics. "Working together with everyone, having a good energy and fun atmosphere," was his personal motto in the beginning of his career. He sings and performs almost all his songs from a piano in Tokyo, but is a very skilled pianist, and uses saxophone for the backing. He is fluent in Japanese and English, and also speaks Spanish, Korean, French, Italian, and English. Lee was also a big fan of Yuju Uchida and his other band members, and studied how to play the piano.