 
 = HMS Boreas ( <unk> ) = 
 
 HMS Boreas was a B @-@ class destroyer built for the Royal Navy around 1930 . Initially assigned to the Mediterranean Fleet , she was transferred to the Home Fleet in 1936 . The ship then patrolled Spanish waters enforcing the arms blockade during the first year of the Spanish Civil War of 1936 – 39 . She spent most of World War II on convoy escort duties in the English Channel and the North Atlantic , based at Dover , Gibraltar , and Freetown , Sierra Leone . However, when US forces entered the war in September 1941, she was transferred to convoy escort duties in the Mediterranean, as the British Navy had no cruisers available. The cruiser HMS Alamein returned to the Home Fleet in the summer of 1942, though with an order from her Captain to repel the threat from the Axis Powers, US forces, and the German Invasion of the Mediterranean. Once at Gibraltar in March 1942, HMS Boreas remained with the Home Fleet, defending the Channel for three years until she was given a port call for Gibraltar for the rest of the war.
By this time, B @-@ class destroyers were highly controversial to some, on account of their fuel consumption, speed, and cost. After the final Battle of the Atlantic in 1945, the naval arms race between the major powers had resumed. The proposal for the United States to build a class of eight destroyers had been rejected, and Britain's warships from 1943-44 were again heavily armed with most of the major cruisers of the time. But, a few months later, American shipbuilders surfaced with a proposal for the US Navy to build a class of eight destroyers (three light and two heavy) that would utilize a new design that would increase the ship's speed by 25%, increase the range by 25%, and increase the depth of water by 10%. At the time, they planned to build these warships in three sizes (each weighing 500 tons) in order to receive them as part of the Second World War (because of the extra necessary tonnage ) and in combat conditions. The proposal was ultimately rejected as it went against the will of the United States. This delayed the construction of the new destroyers for some years, but a contract was finally awarded to General Dynamics, who finished construction in 1944.
Under the leadership of Rear Admiral Richard F. Stagg, and Assistant Secretary of the Navy, Admiral Harland L. Nimitz, the first five ships of the new class were christened the USS Dewey, USS Bangert, USS Egan, USS Herman, and USS Gross, or with the Spanish term, HMS Frigid. They were then placed in their proper locations in the Mediterranean, at Gibraltar, Souda Bay, Gibraltar, and Malta, and there assigned to escort the convoys of the British Home Fleet in the period from April 1945 until November of 1945. A month after their arrival, on 5 September 1945, this series of ships sailed to England and officially entered service. After the end of the war in Europe, the British Navy decided to return to the class of eight destroyers of the first class, and had a second class, the USS Franklin, renamed USS Seymour. After further repairs and trials, both classes were recommissioned for operational service, the first two of which were assigned to escort convoys to the Mediterranean and later the Mediterranean, the last two to escort convoys to the Mediterranean and the Atlantic. The ships were the first to use the Class I cruiser fighter with a 100mm gun, while the last two, the USS Chungi and the USS George (later sold to the Dominican Republic ), used the new Type X destroyer's advanced anti-aircraft guns.
Following the end of the war, HMS Surprise and HMS Enterprise remained in service as escorts for the British submarines and landing ships, while HMS Berserker, HMS Cumberland, and HMS Indomitable were decommissioned, and eventually sunk, although there was one ship on this list that did make it home to the UK, the HMS Scot. 
HMS Surprise: The submarine found (below). 
USS Enterprise (below). 
HMS Courageous is also known as HMS Courageous, and is one of the largest single ships that is still afloat, having the largest capacity at 556 1280 tons. She served in the North Atlantic for several years, and is still in service, but has not served to be precise, unless we count the, of course, the battleship HMS Somme, which carried her in 1973.
At the end of the war, HMS Surprise was sunk, a ship that had contributed so much to the Allied victory over Germany in World War II, had helped set up a new world order, and was a symbol of the British power to defeat Nazi Germany.