 
 = General aviation in the United Kingdom = 
 
 General aviation in the United Kingdom has been defined as a civil aircraft operation other than a commercial air transport flight operating to a schedule or military aviation . Although the International Civil Aviation Organization ( ICAO ) excludes any form of remunerated aviation from its definition , some commercial operations are often included within the scope of general aviation ( GA ) in the UK . This article looks at these operations. General aviation is usually referred to as general or general aviation service. It includes all parts of the general aviation service: civil, domestic and military.
General aviation operations There are two types of general aviation operations: services that are "generic", i.e. don't include any specific flying duties, such as pilot or ground attendant duties, and commercial operations where the requirements for qualifications and rating differ. In order to meet general aviation safety requirements, it is necessary to select either a global-pilot certificate, or an International Civil Aviation Organization ( ICAO ) certification. For more information about the general aviation safety requirement see Safety certificates and ratings for general aviation. The requirements to obtain a Global-pilot Certificate for obtaining commercial transport certification vary between countries. In the UK (and the rest of Europe) it is recommended to obtain a comprehensive global certificate if there is to be any full-time work outside of your home country, regardless of where you work. Under general aviation regulations, it is also necessary to obtain an international certificate before holding a regional certificate if it is for a regional division within the European Union. Typically, this will be for a regional division within the UK. However, if you don't have an international certificate from the EU that would allow you to be licensed to operate commercial transport, it is possible to obtain a US-pilot licence as an exemption, but in practice this is relatively uncommon. Licence requirements are outlined in the article listed above, which also provides guidance on obtaining an international flight certificate. When piloting for-hire you should have complete knowledge of your aircraft. This means that you should also be able to communicate effectively with the pilot (not only in the form of voice communication), be able to demonstrate your ability to handle complex situations, and have good navigation skills. These skills are essential in both full-time and part-time operation (and general aviation is both). Hire. Choose a pilot of suitable qualification. It is advisable that you seek out the services of a qualified pilot to ensure you are receiving a reasonable price for your services. However, it is not required to be a professional pilot. A specialist pilot is not required to have a specific certification to undertake your services. Paid experience is normally sufficient. (Some carriers require a minimum of 5 years flying experience in order to qualify for a Global-pilot Certification.) Agents. Choose an experienced local professional pilot who is experienced and who can provide any required specific training. In order to be successful in your service you must have excellent communication skills, be comfortable using new aircraft types and aircraft controls, and understand how pilots operate. Aeroplanes are especially difficult to learn and you must be able to work alone, without assistance, with training in mind.
Couriers to engage in general aviation If you are approaching your primary destination from London or Cardiff, contact an agent in your local area, as you will most likely be required to fly as part of a service contract with them. This may be a basic contract, or it may be a long-term contract, such as a cross-border service. Consult your agent for further information. The weight of a company's contract may make it difficult for the agency to provide a comparable amount of services for your services. However, in order to be a commercial carrier your freight must be paid on a daily, weekly or monthly basis. Once you are accepted into the company, a 15 per cent commission is payable on all passenger revenue; this is the same as many fixed fee carriers. This means that you will receive a money-back guarantee.
Commercial aviation operators interested in having their services licensed in the UK will have to travel to the ICAO and apply for a standard licence. Applicants have to pass a final medical examination. If you are accepted by a company, you will also be given a Commercial Aircraft Licence ( CAL ) which has a very long list of requirements (though not in order of importance). The requirements include performing 'to the best of your ability' the practical tests, being able to read and write in the airline industry standards, being able to fly both civil and military aircraft, being able to read and write in the ICAO's register of civil aviation authorities (RCA), and the ability to pass the database analysis test.