 
 = Arihant @-@ class submarine = 
 
 The Arihant class ( Sanskrit , for Killer of <unk> ) is a class of nuclear @-@ powered ballistic missile submarines being built for the Indian Navy . They were developed under the US $ 2 @.@ 9 billion Advanced Technology Vessel ( ATV ) project to design and build nuclear @-@ powered submarines . 
 The lead vessel of the class , INS Arihant was launched in 2009 and after extensive sea trials , was confirmed as ready for operations on 23 February 2016 .
Under attack
In 2016, the New Delhi Navy claimed they'd put out a message to the Coast Guard warning them of their boat as it was just off course, by sound transmission of continuous 17 metre waves.
However, the Coast Guard denied saying they received any warning.  
As CNNcafe pointed out in April,
INS Arihant was launched by the Narendra Modi government in July, 2015 to develop its missile defence capabilities.   The ship was equipped with 37 MM (24 MS) NH-90 guided missile. The navy said in January 2016 that the missile would be used to target small and medium vehicles or infantry units at a distance of 3-10 kilometres.
In December, the Navy said the missile was fitted with four active launch systems of different sizes and ranges.
On 27 September, Navy issued a special message to Coast Guard to give it a better account of the position of the INS Arihant-6, and instruct them to ignore all submarine alerts. ( CNN )
The aircraft carrier INS Vikramaditya. The relationship between India and the U.S. is special as neither India nor Pakistan has an aircraft carrier. Though, the Pakistan has added it's plan to purchase a naval aircraft carrier to its naval fleet. Its purchase of the US Navy's two U.S. aircraft carriers in 1980 was largely to provide force protection for the Pakistan Navy. (J-Web) The Navy, however, has a backlog of many smaller aircraft carriers, which could fit into a more common naval aircraft carrier. So the Indian Navy would be on the verge of adding some aircraft carriers to its fleet, with a consensus that they need the best of the most modern technology.