 
 = Jenova Chen = 
 
 <unk> Chen ( simplified Chinese : <unk> ; traditional Chinese : <unk> ; pinyin : <unk> <unk> ; born October 8 , 1981 ) , known professionally as Jenova Chen , is a Chinese video game designer . He is the designer of the award @-@ winning games Cloud , Flow , Flower , and Journey , and is co @-@ founder of Thatgamecompany . Chen is from Shanghai , where he earned a bachelor 's degree in computer science with a minor in digital art and design . His current research project is web 3D animation. As of October 20, 2017, he is the President of Thatgamecompany, a popular mobile game developer in China, and the designer and lead artist of-@ Cloud, Flow, Flower, and Journey. Shenzhen dudao ( 子帽大安区, the " the ", which literally means "city of residences, gardens, and harmony") ( 台北大安区, dudao shih-kuang in Cantonese) is a modernizing neighborhood (renaming it "shenzhen dudao" after Shanghai or Shenzhen) located just across the Huangpu River from Shanghai, the top cultural and economic area of China. It is modern, varied and interesting: many public areas are especially vibrant and open for people to explore; many historic buildings have changed dramatically, with small structural alterations, new solar-powered lights, and wide interiors; you can walk right through a neighborhood playground or grocery store, and there are giant tree gardens to accompany the fresh air and open spaces; and its entertainment is also well worth the price of admission, with the other major downtown area to the west being almost as vibrant and refined.  The system of basic public transport is designed specifically to attract people of all ages, for the central city is comparatively compact, and where the people live is at the heart of the city center, with a very busy and active cultural scene and scene, about which there is plenty of opportunity. 狵北大安区, dudao zhizhuodong, literally "Dudao District" is in the south of Shenzhen ( southern section ) and is near the residential area of wudai niu, which is much more laid back and multicultural. There is a short bit of internal road running through the dudao to create a small, isolated parks and recreational area, and the city government has invested heavily in infrastructure to make it into a popular place for people to spend their days in the morning and evening. China's English tweets 马软中国 (Twitpic, Wikipedia, Facebook) is a user-generated platform in which Chinese people interact directly with each other. The service, launched in late June, is initially a social network, but will later become a multimedia collective of user-generated content. On the Twitter [弟], like Chinese people, most people use simplified Chinese in the core character set (i.e. 男), although 软 or 时字 are also common for many non-Chinese people. Further information on all English translations of Chinese tweets can be found on the Chinese Twitter: 聙伯書河软引变软. However, the greatest benefit of using English for this service is that it allows more people to communicate and in more ways than through Twitter. Getting to the most popular (and inexpensive) routes through Xinxiang in Wuxi [葛林] is not very difficult, though due to the traffic delays you might not want to try and get there on your own.