 
 = Charmbracelet = 
 
 Charmbracelet is the ninth studio album by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey , released on December 3 , 2002 through MonarC Entertainment and Island Records . The album was her first release since her breakdown following the release of her film Glitter ( 2001 ) and its accompanying soundtrack album , both of which were critical and commercial failures from the previous year . Critics described Charmbracelet as one of her most personal records , following 1997 's Butterfly , Throughout the project , Carey collaborated with several songwriters and producers , including Jermaine Dupri , Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis , 7 Aurelius and Dre & Vidal . 
 According to Carey , love is the album 's main theme , and the songs combine introspective and personal themes with celebration and fun . The album contains a mixture of pop ballads and R & B beats , and the songs incorporate elements of other genres , such as gospel and soul . Compared to Glitter , which featured a variety of sampled melodies from the 1980s , Charmbracelet has a softer hip hop and R & B sound to it . Cam 'ron , Jay @-@ Z and Freeway also appear on the album . 
 Charmbracelet debuted at number three on the US Billboard 200 chart , and sold 241 @,@ 000 copies in its first week . The album peaked within the top 40 in seven countries , and attained top ten positions in Japan and Switzerland . 
 Three singles were released to promote the album . The lead single , " Through the Rain " reached the top ten in Canada , Switzerland , Sweden and Italy and the United Kingdom . In the US , it topped the Hot Dance Club Play chart , but stalled at number 81 on the Billboard Hot 100 . Carey embarked on the Charmbracelet World Tour , and performed 69 shows in over eight months . She also performed on televised shows and promotional tours like the 30th annual American Music Awards , Today and The Oprah Winfrey Show . 
 
 = = Background = = 
 
 Before the release of Charmbracelet , Carey experienced a year of critical , commercial , personal and professional struggles , following the poor reception of her debut film Glitter ( 2001 ) , and her subsequent hospitalization . After <unk> her husband , Tommy Mottola , Carey released Butterfly ( 1997 ) . With her next release , Rainbow ( 1999 ) , Carey incorporated elements of R & B and hip @-@ hop into her music , particularly on the lead single " <unk> " . According to The <unk> Bee , she attempted to sound more " <unk> " . She stopped working with longtime pop producers such as Babyface and Walter Afanasieff , in order to pursue a new sound and audience , and worked with writers Sean Combs and Jermaine Dupri . Following the worldwide success of Rainbow , Carey left Columbia Records . <unk> , Mottola and executive Benny <unk> in 1999 used several songs Carey had written and co @-@ written for Jennifer Lopez . Carey 's 2001 film debut Glitter was panned by movie critics , and earned less than eight million dollars at the box office . 
 Carey 's $ 100 million recording contract was bought out by Virgin Records , who paid her $ 28 million to leave the label . Carey checked into a hospital in Connecticut , following a controversial appearance on Total Request Live , in which she gave ice cream to fans , left <unk> messages on her website and demonstrated what was considered by the media as " erratic behavior " . Carey said she had had an " emotional and physical breakdown . " After a fortnight 's hospitalization , Carey flew to Capri , Italy , where she stayed for five months and began writing and producing material for a new studio album about her recent troubles . She was signed by Island Records , and started her own imprint , MonarC Entertainment , for her intended " comeback " release , Charmbracelet . 
 
 = = Development and recording = = 
 
 Carey started writing songs for the album in early 2002 , before she signed the record deal . She decided to rest , traveled to Capri and moved into a recording studio where she could focus on writing and recording without distractions . Most of the album was recorded in Capri , although she traveled to Atlanta , New York and Philadelphia to record some tracks . That year , Carey claimed Charmbracelet to be the " most personal album " she had ever made .