 
 = Arizona State Route 67 = 
 
 State Route 67 ( SR 67 ) is a 43 @.@ 4 mi ( 69 @.@ 8 km ) long , north – south state highway in northern Arizona . Also called the Kaibab Plateau – North Rim Parkway , SR 67 is the sole road that links U.S. Route 89A ( US 89A ) at Jacob Lake to the North Rim of Grand Canyon National Park . Along the route , the road heads through the national park as well as Kaibab National Forest and is surrounded by evergreen trees . The section inside the national park is maintained by the National Park Service ( <unk> ) , whereas the section north of the entrance , completely within Kaibab National Forest , is owned by the Arizona Department of Transportation ( ADOT ) . The road was built in the late 1920s and improved through the 1930s . In 1941 , the road received its number , and was given its designation as the parkway in the 1980s . The parkway has received designations as a National Forest Scenic Byway as well as a National Scenic Byway . 
 
 = = Route description = = 
 
 <unk> for SR 67 begins at Bright Angel Point along the North Rim of the Grand Canyon National Park . ADOT does not officially own this section of road , but it is signed as SR 67 . The road heads north as the Kaibab Plateau – North Rim Parkway through the small town of North Rim , surrounded by evergreen trees . The parkway enters a small clearing before meeting the park entrance , where ownership by ADOT begins . Heading into Kaibab National Forest on a northward path , the roadway is surrounded by a narrow meadow bordered by evergreen trees . As it passes the nearby Deer Lake , SR 67 meets an unpaved National Forest road . The landscape around the route is <unk> by these routes as SR 67 makes several turns , turning back toward the north . The highway , with the new name of Grand Canyon Highway in addition to its other designation , makes several turns as it heads north through the woods . It takes a more northwesterly path as it runs through <unk> County . Near its terminus , the road turns back northeast toward its terminus at US 89A in Jacob Lake . 
 The northern segment of the highway is maintained by ADOT , who is responsible for maintaining SR 67 like all other highways around the state . As part of this job , ADOT periodically surveys traffic along its routes . These surveys are most often presented in the form of average annual daily traffic , which is the number of vehicles who use the route on any average day during the year . In 2009 , ADOT calculated that around 1 @,@ 100 vehicles used the route daily at its northern terminus in Jacob Lake . The Federal Highway Administration ( <unk> ) lists the highway as a National Scenic Byway , and the National Forest Service has also designated it a National Forest Service Byway . No part of the highway has been listed in the National Highway System , a system of roads in the United States important to the nation 's economy , defense , and mobility . Due to the closure of park facilities on the north rim of the Grand Canyon during winter , winter maintenance is not undertaken after December 1st , with the result that SR 67 is usually closed to <unk> traffic from December 1st until spring . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 SR 67 existed as a route to reach the north rim of the Grand Canyon National Park as early as 1927 as a dirt road . By 1935 , the road had been improved to a gravel road , and by 1938 it had been paved . In 1941 , the road was designated as a state highway and signed as SR 67 . In 1985 , the highway received the designation of Kaibab Plateau – North Rim Parkway as an Arizona State Scenic Byway . The designation included SR 67 in its entirety as well as extending south into Grand Canyon National Park . Two years later , ADOT obtained the right @-@ of @-@ way for improvement of the highway from its northern terminus approximately 10 miles ( 16 km ) south . In 1989 , an additional right @-@ of @-@ way was acquired by ADOT from its southern terminus approximately 5 miles ( 8 @.@ 0 km ) north . By June of that year , the parkway received the designation of a National Forest Scenic Byway , and in June 1998 , the Kaibab Plateau – North Rim Parkway received another designation , this time as a National Scenic Byway .